# Donald Trump economic plan: FULL SPEECH
# Channel: FOX 4 Dallas-Fort Worth
# Upload Date: 2024-08-14
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bAIPi1cPY4c
# Language: en (auto-generated)
# Extraction Method: youtube_api
# Confidence: 80.0%
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 09:49:30

================================================================================

Us big hello to North Carolina thank you
very
much it's great to be back in this
beautiful state with the proud
hardworking Patriots who make our
country run you really do you built our
country you make our country run I want
to thank a very good man and he's in
there fighting he's fighting and we know
he's a fighter the next governor of
North Carolina Mark Robinson
thanks
Mark Mrs Robinson thank you they're a
great great couple thank you both thank
you very thank
you thank you very much that is a very
frisky group I have to say
and by the way we have some very good
polls coming out today I just heard
despite all of the fake publicity about
this radical left person from San
Francisco how's San Francisco doing not
like not like North
Carolina now we have some very good
polls coming out so that's good you know
con considering the fact that they what
they do I mean what they do what the
fake news is able to do and yet we're
leading and let them have their
convention and who knows how that's
going to turn out Joe Biden is a very
angry man you know that right because
they they took it away from him they
usurped it they took it away from him
terrible terrible and I'm not sure that
they picked the right guy in him but he
got 14 million votes he got 14 million
votes he got no votes and you look at
what happens that's not the way it's
supposed to happen
uh they are a threat to democracy right
as they say they are a threat to
democracy but thanks as well to members
of Congress Chuck Edwards and Virginia
Fox Warriors thank you wherever you may
be thank you thanks Chuck thank you
Virginia state auditor candidate Dave
bollock he said I'm only in politics for
you sir I only where is Dave anybody
that would save Dave if you say that and
if you do you mean that if you mean that
I'm for you all the way he has my
endorsement thank you dve a man who's
doing an incredible job so good when we
won this state and we won it easily I
said Michael Watley you're going to head
the RNC with Lara with Lara and they're
doing an incredible incredible job and
also your North Carolina GOP chairman
Jason Simmons Jason thank you we're
doing okay we're doing good Jason okay
we're way up here we got to make sure
everyone gets out and votes but we're
way up so I want to thank you we've had
a tremendous experience here we won
every time we were in a special place
well my son you know he uh he and his
wonderful wife you know who I'm talking
about
Lara
Lara But Eric and Lara they named their
beautiful daughter Carolina
okay I said which one are you talking
about well you know today I'm going to
say it's North Carolina right now she
was she was born here raised here and
I'm sure it's a big reason we've done so
well here she's great she's really
terrific and he is a a great young man I
mean you know I'm a little Prejudice
perhaps because he my son a little bit
but they're a great couple and thank you
very much we appreciate it
with the help of everyone in this room
83 days from now can you imagine 83 days
we're almost there we got to get
it we're going to defeat super liberal
more liberal than Bernie Sanders did you
hear that the most liberal person in the
Senate can you believe that we're going
to defeat Kamala Harris we're going to
win back the White House at a historic
landslide and we're going to take back
our country we're going to take it
back and I think it's important to say
and I never get corrected I know it's
fact because you know if I'm slightly
off they do storage headlines he didn't
tell quite the truth well we are leading
the biggest political movement in the
history of our country bigger than any
movement ever before there's never been
a movement like this
it's called make America great again
Mega make America great
again I say to the Democrats when they
come out well you know we've got to try
and stop magga Maga is make America
great again what do you want to stop it
for that's what we're doing they put in
a candidate and we beat him
badly how did he how did he do in the
debate then they put in another
candidate this is like you have two
fighters and one guy's losing he say
come on out let's put in another
one so then uh they put in another
candidate and we're doing very well
considering the fact that uh she has the
greatest press she went from being a
totally disrespected person six weeks
ago nobody thought she had a chance
nobody and I don't think she can
possibly win if she does our country is
finished you want to know the truth but
she was totally disrespected the most
unpopular vice president in the history
of our country and then they decided to
get politically correct we have to put
her in they put her in and now they're
putting her on the covers of Time
Magazine with an artist
sketch they don't use a
picture they don't use a picture they
use an artist sketch I want to use that
artist I want to find that artist I like
him very
much but we're going to beat her also
and they may then get a third candidate
who knows this is a little bit different
than we're supposed to be doing you're
supposed to have a candidate you know we
spent probably $100 million on beating
him then we had a very good debate and
we beat him and they said well instead
of letting it go who knows what happens
right it's the world of politics they
say we want him out Joe you're getting
out now Joe well I don't want to get out
I have 14 you getting out now Joe we can
do it the nice way or we can do it the
hard way and he's got getting out he's
getting out in fact they're not even
giving him a good spot to speak you know
when he's speaking on Monday Monday is
not the that's the worst day but that's
what they do and it's their own form of
it's just another I guess relatively
it's a minor form of cheating by
comparison to what they really do right
everything kamla Harris touches turns
bad it all turns bad San Francisco was a
great City now it's unlivable California
was a great state now it's unli able she
breaks everything just like she broke
the Border broke our economy but soon we
are going to fix every single problem
comma Harris and Joe Biden have created
and we are going to save our country we
are going to save America we're going to
save
America now this is a little bit
different day because this isn't around
this is we're talking about a thing
called the economy they wanted to do a
speech on the economy a lot of people
are very devastated by what's happened
with inflation and all of the other
things so we're doing this as a
intellectual speech you're all
intellectuals today today we're doing it
and we're doing it uh right now and it's
uh very important they say it's the most
important subject I think crime is right
there I think the border is right there
personally uh we have a lot of important
subjects because our country has become
a third world nation we literally are a
third world nation we're a ban an
Republic in so many ways and we're not
going to let that happen because we're
starting a free fall but from today and
from the day I take the oath of office
we will rapidly Drive prices down and
make America affordable again we're
going to make it affordable
again under KLA Harris and crooked Joe
Biden the American dream is dead you
don't hear about the American dream
anymore it's dead her radical liberal
policies have caused horrific inflation
decimated the middle class and gutted
the finances of millions and millions of
American families real incomes are down
by over $2,000 a year per family I mean
that's a lot of money they're down by
that and it's actually much more if you
figure it a certain way if you add some
other categories in it's much more than
that but down by 2000 since she took
office and it was just announced that
real earning were down once again at a
record rate the Harris price hikes have
cost the typical household
$28,000 congratulations hope everyone's
happy credit card debt has exploded and
it's exploded to the highest it's ever
been and the cost of a typical monthly
mortgage has tripled tripled and
probably more than that if you think
about it we were at about
2.4% and now you're up to 10% and even
11% but you're really not there because
you can't get the money even if you want
to pay it in July alone 350,000 people
were added to the unemployment roles
kamla Harris wants to talk about her
fantasies and they are Fant everything
she says if I say something she said
that's what she's going to do too I say
what are you doing but she wants to talk
for the future about these fantasies but
really what she needs to explain is the
present suffering that she's caused
along with Joe Biden and by the way
they're a team you know she's trying to
throw him overboard she doesn't want to
know who he is anymore she doesn't want
to talk about him anymore she says let's
not bring this guy in let's not bring
him in no no they were a team he
appointed her as bordar and she did the
worst job in the history of borders I
will tell you does anyone here feel
richer under kamla Harris than crook Joe
than you were during the Trump
Administration is anything less
expensive under kamla Harris and crook
show we had inflation that I don't
believe we've ever had inflation like
that you can go back a long way are you
better off now with Harris and Biden
than you were with a person named
president Donald J Trump do you know him
he's a nice gentle nice
gentlemen with four more years of Harris
your finances will never recover then
never never going to recover our country
will never recover frankly more
importantly it will be
unrecoverable vote Trump and your
incomes will SAR your savings will grow
young people will be able to afford a
home and we will bring back the American
dream bigger better and stronger than
ever
before thank
you thank
you thank you
thank
you look at this we have a lot of front
row Joe's here
wow I love what a great group of
Patriots they are I don't know they've
gone to I think 219 or
220 and these this isn't rally but this
is a different kind of a thing today
we're going to talk about one subject
every and then we'll start going back to
the other because we sort of love that
don't
but it's an important no it's an
important they say it's the most
important subject I'm not sure it is but
they say it's the most important s
inflation is the most important but
that's part of economy kamla Harris
wants to be in charge of the entire US
economy but neither She nor her running
mate is a the beauty isn't
he he signed a bill he wants
tampons in boys bathrooms I don't think
so but they've never held a private
sector job in their entire professional
careers and it's no wonder they're both
socialists they're actually Beyond
socialists I think they skipped over
socialists that's why I think when
people find out because you don't know
who these people are I think when people
find out who they are I I personally
don't think they can do well on the
election they've destroyed this country
what they've done when you look at s
Francisco what happened to and she was
the one that started it years ago she
was district attorney then she was the
Attorney General of the State of
California California is a disaster now
now Gavin nsam hasn't helped very much
but but it's a disaster she was the one
this November voters are going to give
radical liberal kamla Harris the
opportunity to try something new a real
job in the private sector for the first
time in her
life nice
kamla has declared that tackling
inflation will be a day one priority
think of it for her but day one for
kamla was three and a half years ago why
hasn't she done it you know I keep
saying ah she's one of these complainers
you know like a Critic I remember
growing up I'd see plays on Broadway and
I'd go to different things and you'd
always have critics they criticize but
I'd see and they were critical critical
but they never did it themselves you
know she's a Critic that's all she is
she never did anything nothing that she
ever did work when KLA LS and and she
got lucky with this she was the first
one out she was 22 people I guess I hear
I just asked I said that many a lot of
people she never made it to Iowa the
great state of Iowa she was the first
one out she had a lack of skill and
people didn't like her and now she's
running for president and she never got
one vote think about that when com lays
out her fake economic plan this week
probably will be a copy of my plan
because basically that's what she does
just remember she goes to work every
morning In The West Wing her desk is 10
steps from the Oval Office she cast the
tiebreaking votes they gave us record
inflation and for nearly four years
kamla has crackled as the American
economy has burned what happened to her
laugh I haven't heard that laugh in
about a week that's why they keep her
off the stage that's why she disappeared
that's the laugh of a crazy person I
will tell you if you haven't done it's a
crazy she's
crazy they told her don't laugh don't
laugh no it's
her no her laugh is career-threatening
they said don't laugh she hasn't laugh
she doesn't laugh anymore it's smart but
someday it's going to come out that's
the laugh of a person with some big
problems
she says her plan is going to be and
bring down prices she thinks she's going
to bring down prices then why here's a
simple little few words why didn't you
do it kamla why didn't you do it you've
been there three and a half years why
aren't you doing it now you can do it
right
now I can say that with everything why
hasn't she secured the Border you know
she was the bordar right she was the
bordar it was a big deal she says now
she was in the Border that's okay she
was in charge of the border call it
whatever you want but she was in charge
and it's it was uh the worst this was
the worst Border in history there's
never been a border in the world like
this why hasn't she brought back the
jobs why she talks about jobs we're
going to come up with a new plan she's
been there for three and a half years
with a man who frankly she defrauded the
public because she didn't tell you about
that man I exposed him during the debate
thank you very much thank you
and now the bombs are starting to drop
in the Middle East you see what's going
on there right that would have never
happened Israel would have never
happened Ukraine would have never
happened with
Russia you wouldn't have ever had an
embarrassment like that Afghanistan
disaster with Mo worst most embarrassing
day in our country's history inflation
would have never happened we would have
never had it was caused by a very stupid
energy policy then he went back to my
policy because prices were going up so
much but it'll end if they won this
election on day one all of that would
end and this country will go through
hell and it can never come back once it
goes it's pretty far down already I'm
gonna have to work very hard it's pretty
far down when you let when you let 20
million people come into our country
from places
unknown and from prisons and from mental
Institutes
and terrorists KLA Harris won't end the
economic crisis she will only make it
worse and why hasn't she done it she
talks about it she's doing a plan you
know she's going to announce it this
week maybe she's she's she's waiting for
me to announce it so she can copy it
like remember a couple of days ago and
we will have no tax on tips I said that
was my
plan not only didn't she I mean they
came up with a plan to go after all
these people violently then one day she
just uttered that sound but she'll copy
a lot of other things too but she'll
never do them she'll never do them
she'll say them for the election but
she'll never do them she can't solve the
problem because she is the problem she
really is people like her
when I left office I handed kamla and
crooked Joe Biden a surging economy with
no inflation the 30-year mortgage rate
was 2.4% gasoline had reached
$187 a gallon and for periods of time
was even lower than that the
africanamerican poverty rate was down
7% the Hispanic American poverty rate
was down 8% the biggest drops the
greatest drops that you've ever seen in
this country they've never had it so
well nobody nobody has every group every
group Men Women Hispanics Asians blacks
everybody was down at a level that
nobody's ever seen we had the we had
some of the greatest periods of economic
growth and health that any country has
ever seen I think probably more than any
country has ever seen in four short
years under President Trump we passed
the largest tax cuts in history the
largest regulation Cuts in history we
unleashed American Energy and real
income surged by more than
$4,200 in just a short number of months
I mean we we it was nobody you never had
it so good now you're not doing so well
I today we had the strongest economy in
history there's never been a country
that had an economy like us I gave
Harris and Biden an economic miracle and
they quickly turned it into an economic
night nightmare with a nation wrecking
agenda ripped straight out of comma San
Francisco liberal Playbook what they've
done to poor San Francisco well we're g
to we're going to try and bring that
back too Harrison Biden waged war in
American Energy threw open our borders
flooded the country with low-wage
migrant workers passed the green news
scam racked up almost 10 trillion in
debt and buried our workers in job
killing regulations costing $10,000
per family that's a lot of money you
don't have to imagine what a Harris
presidency would look like you're living
through the misery right now except it
will get worse and you're paying the
price a price like nobody's ever paid
and we disrespected all over the world
as a country we were respected before
Putin respected US president she of
China respected us Kim Jong-un of North
Korea respected us we were respected by
everybody in the world today we're being
laughed
at today we're being left at all over
the world you're paying the price for
commis Liberal extremism at the gas pump
at the grocery counter and on your
mortgage Bill and on everything else how
about your car insurance how's that
doing not too good right I saw it today
it's up like
82% we're not going to let this
incompetent socialist Luna keep breaking
our economy for four more years it'll
destroy our
country on Election Day we're going to
tell her that we've had enough that we
can't take it anymore kamla you're doing
a horrible job you were a terrible
attorney general you were a terrible
district attorney you're the worst vice
president in history Kamala you're fired
get out of here go get out of here
right get
out thank
you thank you thank you very much that
was not a pleasant day now tell you
front row Joe's were there front row
Joe's were there they were they've seen
it all haven't you huh you've seen it
that was a that was a horrible day that
was a terrible day she's flip-flopping
on every single thing she's ever
espoused or believed in the Border
Health Care crime but she truly is a
radical she's flip-flopping on
everything to get elected after she gets
elected it all goes right back to where
it was she refuses to do any interviews
or press conferences almost 30 days now
she hasn't done an interview you know
why she hasn't done an interview because
she's not smart she's not intelligent
and we've gone through enough of that
with this guy crooked Joe he didn't do
interviews either they kept him in his
basement and essentially they're keeping
her in the basement the same way they
kept her they don't want to expose her
to like a question like uh what did you
have for dinner
tonight remember Joe what kind of ice
cream is your favorite vanilla oh I like
vanilla that was George fladis he asked
him that what what's your favorite ice
cream ah with me they ask me a little
bit different question that's all right
did everybody the other night see Elon
and
me
great that was one of the most
successful shows ever have done I mean
that was a lot of people like him I
think I think they're like me too come
to think but he's great and he gave us
his full endorsement he's a great guy
but he basically you know he's a guy
doesn't need this stuff he what he wants
to do is see our country be great again
and he understands and it's very hard
for him to endorse the opposing party
it's not easy it's very hard but you
know he really cares about our country
and he knows the opposing party has
destroy really destroyed our country and
will destroy our country and permanently
destroy our country and he can't watch
that but we had a great chat for two and
a half hours two and a half hours being
grilled by
Elon and we had a we had a good time
actually we're talking about something
we love our country much easier when you
love something right she doesn't want
anybody to know what she's really for
and uh that way she could change it you
know I mean she'll tell you what she
wants and change it the way she wants it
and ultimately it'll be the way she
wants it I mean the clown that she
picked as a vice president this guy's a
clown he was so
bad you know when uh Minneapolis was
burning down he didn't want to call in
the National Guard I got him on I got
him on the phone you got to get the
National Guard get it get it get it I'm
telling you if I didn't force it upon
him you might not have the city remember
CNN standing up this is a season of Love
This is one this is a very peaceful
protest and the whole city is burning
down behind him you ever see anything as
far as the I could see the whole thing
looked like World War II speaking of
World War I I'll keep you out of World
War II he's going to put you
in World War I we're very
close you're very close to being in a
war a big war a World War you're very
close we've never been this close and we
have incompetent people in the White
House grossly incompetent people there
was no reason for Russia and Ukraine to
go at it there was no reason for Israel
to be attacked on October 7th would have
never
happened but a politician will always go
back to where they started and on
November 6th she will be a San Francisco
liberal again destroying everything in
sight I wonder what she does after this
our country will never recover
especially when added to the destruction
they've already caused over the last
almost four years think of this our
country think of the Border think of
what happen we had the best border you
know my favorite my alltime favorite
graph right that is my alltime favorite
graph not only because it shows the best
border but for another reason I tell you
what I'm glad I looked around to look at
it Go
W that was that's my favorite of all
time even if it was
thank you thank
you thank you very
much even if it were bad numbers
negative numbers I still think it would
be my favorite OFA if Harris wins this
election the result will be a CALA
economic crash a
1929 style depression
1929 when I win the election we will
immediately begin a brand new Trump
economic boom it'll be a boom we're
going to turn this country around so
fast many people say that the only
reason the stock market is up is because
people think I am going to win did you
ever hear
that but there was one day a couple of
weeks ago when they weren't thinking
that and you saw what happened this will
be in 1929
style crash you know I have one of the
most brilliant men in Wall Street I
think here I shook hands with them just
a little while ago Scott where Scott
where oh stand up this man will you come
up here please just come up here for a
moment he is considered one of the most
brilliant men on Wall
Street and he's made certain statements
I'd like him to make them because
probably I'd be better off if he made
them than me right but I do agree with
him but no he's considered one of the
greatest on all of Wall Street respected
by everybody and uh I'm not sure he can
get through Secret Service it's gotten
very tight come on up Scott come on up
come on up
Scott come on up
here look at him and he's a nice looking
guy too want to say a couple of words
come
on the look this is the Trump economy me
this is the Trump stock market and I can
tell you that it will be kamla Harris
will start with a CALA crash in the
stock market and then it will be the
comma crash in the economy and I don't
think that's going to happen you know I
am convinced that President Trump is
ahead in the polls now he is going to
stay ahead in the
polls and that he may beat he may beat
KL Harris by more than he would have
beaten President Biden
thanks thank you
Scott thank you is he Central Casting
he's Central Casting thank you now he's
been very strong on that he said that if
they get in you're going to have a 1929
style crash he's been very strong on it
but others have said that too and we
don't want that to happen to our country
that would be devastating for you for
everybody on my first day back in the
Oval Office I will sign an executive
order directing every cabinet secretary
and agency head to use every tool and
Authority at their disposal to defeat
inflation and to bring consumer prices
rapidly down we'll do it very
rapidly when you look at the cost of
groceries the cost of bacon where it
went up four and five times bacon I
don't order bacon anymore it's too
expensive it will be a whole of
government effort to raise the standard
of living and make America life
affordable again it's going to really be
a very important thing afford because
it's not affordable even if you're doing
a little bit better you've lost all of
your money because of inflation it's
it's been out of control for a long time
and don't forget now eventually it's
starting to maybe get under control but
you're already up 50 60 70% in so many
items you look at car insurance I
couldn't believe when I looked at those
numbers this morning I was studying
numbers and I looked at the car
insurance numbers it's incredible and
that's just one of many you can go
through many but the groceries just to
put it in simple terms people go to the
grocery store and they have less than
half a uh half a deal in fact I had
something here I I did have something I
would show you wait a minute I don't
know if you've seen this I used it once
oh I have it I do have it look at this
look at this so this is Tic Tacs
right I don't know if I like the company
I've never met I have no idea they're so
lucky they so look at all the television
is like this the greatest commercial
they ever
had but that's what happened this is
inflation this is Tic Tac this is Tic
Tac this is inflation this is what's
happened I just happened to have
somebody gave me this one today I said I
think we'll put it up as an example of
inflation but you know what inflation is
destroying our country it's destroying
our families we will Target everything
from car affordability ility to housing
affordability to insurance cost to
supply chain issues we have the worst
supply chain we've ever had in the
history of the country to the price of
prescription drugs I will instruct my
cabinet that I expect results within the
first 100 days or much sooner than
that I would say the first seven days is
fine car insurance is up 70 to 100% and
you can't get it you can't even get it
is that do you agree with that you can't
even get it they tell me insurance is up
50% or higher the whole industry is out
of control the insurance industry has
never been anything through the we have
never been in a situation with insurance
like it is right now you can't get it no
matter what you pay but prices will come
down you just watch they'll come down
and they'll come down fast not only with
insurance with everything at the center
of our effort to bring the cost of
living under control will be The All Out
push to end the Biden Harris war on a
thing called American Energy American
Energy we will drill baby drill we're
going to bring Energy prices down
thank
you and just so you know they stopped it
and it was terrible what they did that's
what caused the whole problem the
country even with Supply chains I mean
it just caused a problem and then they
said oh go back to the Trump plan now
now they're drilling but the day after
the election if they win this election
the drilling stops they're only doing
this for purposes of getting elected
they said let's go back to what Trump
was doing
but the prices are still way high you
see $5 a gallon now for gasoline and uh
much higher than that in some areas and
we will put anoir back into service you
know anoir in at in Alaska it could be
the largest oil field in the world could
be larger than Saudi Arabia could be
larger than what Russia has and Reagan
Ronald Reagan tried to get it good man
he tried to get it couldn't get it Bush
tried everybody tried to get it I got it
and the first
it was
tough and I got it in different times
because they stop it on environmental
you know they use the environment to
stop everything right you know that and
I'm we're all environmentalists we want
to see what's right we want clean air we
want clean water but we don't want to
destroy our country but they stopped it
and uh we got it going we got it going
we got it going like never before it was
all set to go and then the first think
of this the first week in office they
stopped it they gave it back they said
no we're not going to do do it the
greatest not only great for Alaska which
is an incredible place and beautiful
state they wanted it so badly economic
development for Alaska would have been
so good but worldwide I mean we would
have been selling oil and gas all over
the world especially with Asia because
of where it's located so Asia all over
the world and they stopped it but we'll
start it up again very very soon we're
going to get it very quickly we'll get
it approved again very
quickly and your prices are going to
come tumbling down your gasoline is
going to come tumbling down in your
heating bills and cooling bills are
going to be coming down you have you
have places like in New England I don't
know how they put up with it you have
the highest costs almost anywhere your
cost for energy for heat for air
conditioning are through the roof and
you know why because they don't want to
put a pipeline through a section of New
York that desperately wants it to happen
a very poor area they won't do it and
until fairly recently you know who used
to deliver them the oil Russia Russia
ships were pulling up to New England how
is that under comm's extreme high cost
energy policy known as Net Zero you know
what Net Zero they they have no idea
what it means by the way it's Net Zero
what does that mean nobody knows ask her
what it means we're going to go to a net
zero policy what does that mean uh I
have no
idea she's attempting to abolish oil
coal and natural gas 84% of us energy
supplied she wants it ended you think
that's going to lift your prices a
little bit think of that they're going
to take away 84% and the real stuff
that's the stuff that powers the
plants it's not wind that goes around
and around and darling let's watch the
president's State of the Union speech
tonight I'm sorry we won't be able to do
it the wind isn't blowing darling we
have no electricity
we have no electricity darling we won't
be able to watch tonight but perhaps
sometime during the week it will be
blowing and we'll be able to get our
television on upon taking Office
Harrison Biden shut down the Keystone XL
pipeline they issued orders to close
dozens and dozens of existing power
plants and kamla has vowed that if
elected she will absolutely ban fracking
she said I'll ban fracking just recently
I'll ban fracking there will be no
fracking that means that she can't win
the state of Pennsylvania because
Pennsylvania is all about fracking
that's their biggest industry and you
know what Pennsylvania I hope you're
watching because that's what she says
and that's what she'll do and that's
what she'll go back to she wants to ban
fracking and she's wanted it for her
entire career and we're not going to let
her destroy our country like that we're
not going to let
her if Harris gets in Energy prices will
Skyrocket far more than even in Europe
you know Europe's a basic disaster
because they've tended to go a little
bit woke but that's now changing have
you been watching that's changing
inflation will surge into double digits
in our own country and your quality of
life will absolutely collapse your
quality of life is going to collapse
under these lunatics by contrast she
said it already
has I who said that
ma'am wow you look healthy though you
look very nice you look very nice by
contrast I'm announcing today that under
my leadership the United States will
commit to the ambitious goal of slashing
energy and electricity prices by half at
least
half we intend to slash prices by half
within 12 months at a maximum 18 months
and if it doesn't work out you'll say oh
well I voted for I still got him down a
lot but we're looking to do it we're
looking to cut them in half and we think
we'll be able to do better and every
single thing that I promised I produced
every single
thing you will never have had energy so
low as you will under a certain
gentleman known as Donald J Trump have
you heard of him
so we think your energy bills will be
down by 50 to 70% how good would that be
for a thing called inflation how how
good will that
be you know energy is such a big topic
such a big cost so powerful so big that
if you have a doughnut shop you have the
ovens you have a truck that delivers the
donuts if you have whatever you do
you're heating you're cooling everything
is about that that's where they really
blew it they blew it with too much
borrowing they blew it with wasting n
and 10 trillion dollars on the scam the
great scam of in history there are a lot
of scams that they worked on where's the
laptop from hell is it around by
it but they they did it by doing a lot
of things but with the energy it's such
a big topic no matter what business
you're in you have to heat your business
cool your business you need cars trucks
to get there and to take the product
it's so energy uh it's so energy
dominated my Administration will issue
rapid approvals for new energy
infrastructure unlock new lands for
drilling and Achieve energy Independence
and energy dominant so we want we want
energy dominance almost immediately we
were energy independent four years ago
think of it today we're getting energy
from Venezuela in the form of
tar we're getting it from
Venezuela
tar you ever see what it is to make oil
out of tar they have tar they have a lot
of tar
uh it's not good you know where they
make it in Houston Texas it's the only
plant in the world that can take this
material and turn it into gasoline and
oil but no it's tar and uh it's and
they're getting they're doing very well
you know uh speaking of that just for a
second so Venezuela crime is down
72% because they're taking all of their
criminals out of Caracus out of the
different places their mental
institutions are literally closing up
they're taking the people from mental
institutions people from prisons and
jails terrorists they have terrorists
all over the place and you know where
they're bringing them welcome to the
United States of
America murderers drug
dealers and Venezuelan crime is down 72%
but that's only one all over the world
crime is down because they're taking
their criminals and their people from
mental institutions and they're putting
them into our country because we have
stupid people like
and Joe running our country and there's
never been anything like this and if you
look at New York today and you look at a
couple of remember I said migrant crime
will be a big subject I said that a year
ago everyone said oh no oh he's so wrong
do you see what's happening with migrant
crime they make our criminals look like
nice people they do these are the
toughest these are the toughest people
in the world the toughest people we
build 571 Mi of wall as an example they
could have and we that's more than I
said I was going to build but then I was
going to add 200 miles we had it built
and they didn't put it up would have
taken three weeks to erect it was all
there ready to put up would have taken
three weeks to put up and that's when I
said they actually want open borders and
kamla wants open borders and she said it
for 15 years she wants open borders she
only changed recently when she noticed
in a poll that wasn't po in too well
people don't want open borders where
people can flow into our country to
further combat inflation I will
terminate kamla Harris's green news scam
and resend all of the unspent
funds give all of the UN spent funds
back to building roads Bridges and give
it back to the government and we won't
uh it's like throwing what she did what
they did was like throwing billions of
dollars out the window we will stop
wasteful spending and big government
special interest giveaways and finally
stand up for the American taxpayer which
hasn't happened since I was President we
stood up we stood up we stood up I mean
prior to covid coming in in history
there's never been an economy like we
had then when covid came in you know we
rebuilt the military we defeated Isis
everybody said it would take 10 years to
defeat I did it in eight months we did
we did we rebuilt that whole mil we did
so many things and we created the
greatest economy I got a lot of credit
on everything including the economy when
covid came in we had to do certain
things we had to make certain moves and
if we didn't make those moves Scott and
if we didn't help businesses survive for
that little period of time you would
have had that 1929 style depression
that's what you would have had we did a
great job then when we handed it to them
the stock market was higher than it was
previous to co coming in think of that
it was actually higher and we handed
them something that was a Jewel by the
way more people died from covid in the
Biden Administration than the Trump
Administration and he got it when it was
ending all over the world it was pretty
much ending so we never really got the
credit we deserved for that with the
ventil ventilators and all of the
different things that we did the outfits
a lot of things we were we were
producing in New Hampshire and different
places masks we had mask factories
opening up we had everything and we did
a good job and then it came back back
and it came should have come roaring
back but they really blew it they spent
so much money they didn't have to spend
any more money what they had to do is
let our economy take over but we had
some great Republican Governors that did
a fantastic job the Democrat Governors
not so much out of the top 25 as an
example crimer ridden cities virtually
every single one of them is run by
democrats think of that to make both new
and used cars more affordable I will end
the Biden Harris Electric Vehicle
mandate on day
one doesn't make
sense and by the way there's a great
place for electric cars they're going to
do great I think they're going to do
great and elon's heard me say that many
times he still endorsed me I mean I you
know I couldn't I wouldn't be able to
change uh it's the question of how far
do they go and how much do they cost and
all of the different things factors but
electric cars have a great place in our
country but you have to be able to be
really get uh gasoline powered cars
hybrids many different types diesel you
want Diesel with trucks you know they
want to make trucks all electric going
to California you have six stops with
diesel you have no stops that's hard to
beat right if they're too heavy Common
Sense We're the Party of Common Sense an
electric truck weighs twice what a more
than twice two and a half times what a
gasoline propelled truck was is right
that would mean you would have to
rebuild every bridge and tunnel in the
United States oh that sounds reasonable
it would cost so much money the United
States doesn't have every country
together doesn't have what it would cost
but there's a great place for electric
but there's a place for everything and
you should be able to go out and buy
what you want you go out and buy what
you
want to further reduce consumer prices I
will immediately eliminate every single
costly job killing regulation the Biden
Harris Administration has created and
they've created a lot remember I took
out 12 for everyone I created and we
ended up doing more than that we got rid
of so many regulations that was so
unnecessary some of them were 100 years
old in my first term our regulation cut
saved the typical American Family
$1,000 in my next term the Trump
dividend will be even larger it'll be
it'll be a dividend
by repealing the Biden Harris regulatory
Onslaught we can save an estimated
$20,000 and you're talking about a
tremendous amount six
78,000 a year just in savings so to get
to economic relief to workers and
families we will make additional tax
cuts that's what gave us the great
economy we'll make tax cuts additionally
will make them permanent because you
know we have a thing where they want to
terminate at the end of the period when
they expire the Trump tax cuts 5 years
they want to let them expire that would
mean your taxes would go up four times
you'll be paying four times much and we
will do something else which was copied
I mean viciously ruthlessly copied no
tax on tips okay no tax on
tips you know if they wanted to do that
why didn't they do it three three and a
half years ago they didn't want to it
was actually the opposite they hired
88,000 IRS agents to go after these
people so for every position the fake
new commala takes down and all of these
positions three weeks ago the real
commala said the exact opposite the
exact opposite with me you will always
have a president who tells it like it is
you will always have somebody where I
let you know where I stand and you can
vote for me or not but you need that and
you need
consistency and you need Brilliance you
need
Brilliance she is not a brilliant person
she is not a smart person she is not
very
smart but it is crazy isn't it though
isn't it crazy she was so disrespected
just a few weeks ago and now it's like
kamla
ca the fake news the fake news is a
threat to our country don't get
yourself to help seniors on fixed
incomes who are suffering the ravages of
inflation there will be no tax on social
security we're going to stop it no tax
on social
security this cruel double taxation of
social sec Security benefits and this
has been talked about for a long time
she'll probably announce this on Friday
too oh look they have a spy in the
audience right over there he's spying
let's see uh C I think we should do no
tax on social
security but it only came into existence
in 1984 and at that time it only
affected a very small number of
recipients but now nearly half of all
seniors are forced to pay income tax on
social security and thanks to inflation
under Harris she is horri trouble this
tax hits more seniors every year more
and more and they can't make it they're
not making it they're failing you know
the people that did it right they saved
they worked they saved and saved those
are the people that were hurt most by
this kind of thinking and this
economy with your vote I will end this
Injustice and I will always protect
Social Security and Medicare for our
great seniors just as I did for four
incredible years there was never any
talk about doing anything by
contrast KLA Harris has a three-step
plan to destroy Medicare and to destroy
Social Security First she has thrown
open our borders you know what that's
going to do they're all signing up oh
congratulations they'll be all signing
up right next to you but she's opened up
our borders think of it again I believe
it's 20 million people but I think it's
probably much well with the Goda ways
and you know what a gotway is Right
remember I had remain in Mexico policy
you think that was easy to get from
Mexico what I had to do to them and I
had remain in Mexico they ended it
immediately they thought it was unfair
to Mexico can you believe that Mexico is
like a it's like a railroad track coming
into our country they thought it was
unfair it's not unfair but Mexico agreed
to it remain in Mexico and they ended it
very early they ended it almost
immediately second she's flooding our
country with millions and millions of
low-wage migrants and giving them
welfare free health care food St public
benefits and
third she's giving them what our
military vets don't get they're sleeping
on a street in freezing or very hot
weather and illegal immigrants that came
in so illegally and don't speak a word
of English are living in some of the
most luxurious hotels in the
world syred
you see that you've been seeing the
stories they're living in hotels they're
taking right front row Joe's they're
taking some of the best hotels because
the government pays more than they can
get from wealthy customers so they say
well I don't know about this I think
we'll take the illegal immigrant we're
going to get more money from the US
government than some rich guy coming in
from Argentina and third she wants to
make them all citizens dumping them into
Medicare and Social Security until those
programs buckle and collapse and that's
what's going to happen under them them
Social Security Medicare and other
programs will collapse no country can
sustain what's happening right now the
millions of illegal aliens pouring into
our country under border Zar Harris are
coming from all sorts of places from
countries unknown literally from
countries unknown and they as I said
they're coming in from prisons and from
mental institutions and they're coming
in as terrorists we have more terrorists
living in our country right right now
and nothing good is going to happen from
this and now it's getting more and more
violent just pick up the newspapers turn
on your television people stabbed a
woman yesterday raped in New York raped
viciously and when they said she was
raped you know what she said they
weren't trying to rape me they were
trying to kill me they were trying to
kill her ju and he was a gentleman from
a certain country I won't mention
happened to be in South America but it's
not South America it's all over the
world that they're coming in it's not
South America they're coming from all
over the world just this week in Cone
Island Kamala had two I think of this
one migrants they came into Cala we call
them the Camala migrants and they were
arrested for rape of a 46y old woman and
it was a rough situation there were four
or five other situations over the last
couple of days rape and murder rape and
beating rape and something else and
sometimes just immediate killing these
people are brutal these are people that
came out of the toughest jails anywhere
in the world from all over the world and
we can't take them no country can
sustain it no
country they all said I was wrong when I
said that migrant crime will reach
epidemic proportions and now it's much
worse than that it's a lot worse than
epidemic proportions it's beyond control
we have a new category of crime it's
called migrant crime and I think it's
going to end up being the worst category
of all these people are tough they're
tough they're mean they're angry and
they shouldn't be in our country and
it's not going to work out well the
migrants that Harris let in are raping
our women and hurting our children and
now kamla wants to let them pillage
Social Security security and Medicare
that's what's going to happen it will
never happen it will never even get
close to happening if I'm in office and
I think you're going to have to put me
in
office because there's never been
anything like
this if KLA wins you will have mass
amnesty and citizenship for all of the
Biden Harris illegals that poured into
our country country if I win you will
have the largest deportation operation
in American history starting at noon on
inauguration day
2025 and you know I don't say that
happily because it's not it's not an
easy situation with so many people it's
not sustainable but Dwight D Eisenhower
Dwight Eisenhower General Eisenhower
president Eisenhower he was very strong
on borders he felt that you cannot do
this the largest deportation operation
we ever had was under Dwight Eisenhower
president and he understood that it was
not sustainable to have millions of
people coming in but what he went
through is peanuts compared to what
we're going through nobody's ever got no
country no country no border has ever
gone through what we're going through
and they're destroying our country the
comma migrant invasion is also a major
factor in crushing your wages and
driving up the cost of Health Care and
the cost of all of your goods millions
of uninsured illegal aliens are getting
billions and billions of dollars in free
health care paid for by American
citizens on your medical bills it's
right on your medical bills you
know you know when you hear this you get
angry because it shouldn't happen but
what happens to them they come up in
Caravans I think I came up with that
name but they have Caravans of thousands
and thousands of people many many
criminals in those Caravans very
dangerous unbelievably dangerous for
women the women in those Caravans are
just absolutely uh it's horrible what
happens I'm not going to tell you now
it's horrible it's horrible what happens
in those Caravans coming up it's a rough
it's a rough Journey but they come up
because we have very stupid people here
that say if you come up we will give you
Health Care Social Security medical
school you know our schools in a lot of
places are not you can't even go anymore
they've taken the place of our students
they have people sitting in chairs that
don't speak a word of English and
they're taking the place of our young
children the the hospitals a person told
me the other day from San Diego they
said they can't get into a hospital
anymore the hospitals are being occupied
by the illegal aliens somebody's got to
take care they're being occupied and the
reason they're coming is because people
like Gavin nsum and people like Kamala
are saying come come it's the American
dream come they're destroying our
country and we can't do it we can't let
it continue you're not going to have a
country anymore people like Scott
brilliant Wall Street people they're
right about what they say and that's
also Common Sense I'll tell you it's all
about common sense the Republican party
is the party of Common Sense
KLA Harris wants to eliminate Private
health insurance does anybody have
Private health insurance here a lot of
people yeah a lot of people they want it
that's what they want they want to have
the now if you want to have other you
have other but they want to take it and
they want to turn it off it doesn't cost
our country or anything they want to
turn this is what people they work hard
they make enough money they want to have
a private plan it's a more luxurious
plan that's okay but they want to give
free taxpayer funded Health Care to
every single illegal alien in this
country kamla wants to do that now
she'll probably here's a little bet
we'll make she'll probably change over
the next short period of time you know
we said what do you do with some
monsters that we have monsters some of
the worst killers in the world in
detention centers you know they're in
detention centers that we have along the
along the border and you know what she
said they have to be released released
we're going to release these are
murderers these are killers these are
drug dealers these are the worst people
on Earth you don't get much worse she
said you now she'll probably change her
mind on that too but she wants to
release this is remember I said it
before a person that's considered far
more liberal than crazy Bernie Sanders
he's crazy you know and far more liberal
than crazy Bernie this is considered
worse and we're not going to have a
president like that somebody was saying
last night on television that when the
people find out the wonderful Sean
Hannity actually said it have you ever
heard of him
yes but he said it but everyone's saying
it when people find out about her that
she's a li very liberal person you know
they use the word Progressive they use
the word they don't use liberal anymore
they use Progressive because it sounds
so nice Progressive what is Progressive
that means forward thinking it's not
it's the opposite but she's a she's the
most liberal Senator that we've had in
50 60 years I think probably ever but
far more liberal than crazy Bernie by
contrast I'm going to keep the
Affordable Care Act unless we can do
something much better we'll keep it it
stinks it's not good if we can do
something better we're going to do
something with it if we can do better
meaning less expensive and better health
care for you less expensive and better
health care for you then we'll do it
we're not looking better for the
government we're looking better for
you she go go around saying who he's
going to get rid of the the health no no
I'm going to keep it unless we can come
up with something that's better for you
and less expensive for you otherwise
we're not doing it and you saw that
having to do with social security for
four years I was there and for four
years I never raised the age they're
going to end up raising your age by five
years I never raised your age I never
did anything I left your plan the way it
was never touched it I was there four
years same thing with Russia they said
oh he's going to go and you know start a
war or something well you know what for
four years Russia never went in to
Ukraine they waited till I got out and
then the Army started to form but you
know if you go back with Russia
Bush let them have a lot of land you
know that
Obama President Barack Hussein Obama
have you heard of him Barack Hussein
Obama let them have a lot of land now
you have Biden he's letting them have
the whole thing okay the whole thing but
you had president Trump what did Putin
take under Trump nothing nothing took
nothing he took nothing under Trump but
he took under Bush he took under Obama
big big stuff he took it in Ukraine in
and around Ukraine but he took nothing
under Trump but now he's taking now he's
going for the big one isn't he huh we're
going to deliver lower prices lower drug
costs new options that will dramatically
reduce the crushing burden of American
patients Kamal and Joe tried to take
credit for $35 insulin you know that you
know who did that I did that I did that
I did the insulin and it kicked in and
you know I remember when I did it it had
to be a statute it was a certain statute
that took a certain period of time I
said I hope I'm elected because
somebody's going to get a lot of credit
for doing what I got done I got it done
$35 insulin and now they take credit for
it terrible terrible they take credit
for a lot of things they shouldn't be
taking credit for you know they said
congratulations he did a good job at
insulin that would be nice nobody's
going to go crazy about that
congratulations because insulin was
impossible for people to afford they
were dying they didn't get the expense
was I got it for $35 nobody thinks it's
like even possible but they could say
like you did a great job thank you very
much or you did a good job but instead
they say we brought insulin in at $35
it's a lie Comm is fighting for health
care for illegal aliens and fighting for
health care for and think of this he's
fighting for health care for people that
are destroying our country I'm fighting
for health care for the American people
the people that are supposed to have the
healthare the Colossal influx of
migrants into our cities is driving rent
rent Absol abolutely through the roof
that's why and you know who's paying the
rent the government our government is
paying rent we're paying numbers that
were not obtainable in fact if I ever
went back into business I'd buy some
buildings in certain areas and I'll
charge the government the highest rents
you've ever seen that's what they're
doing some very smart landlords are
getting a lot of money that's why some
of the luxury hotels are going into
migrants they can make much more money
renting to a migrant than to wealthy
people but that's why as president I
will seal the Border I will send them
all back to their countries where they
belong prices will come down and come
down dramatically and come down
fast to further address the housing
affordability crisis we will work with
States like Nevada a great state we're
leading big in the pole there by the way
thank you very much good good Governor
to open up large tracks of federal land
for housing constr ructions and similar
to opportunity zones that I did with
Senator Tim Scott a great guy from South
Carolina senator from South
Carolina came in he said I have this
idea he's had it for a long time but he
could never get a president to execute
it I did and opportunity zones one of
the greatest one of the greatest things
that we've done in terms of Economic
Development I give him I give Tim Scott
a lot of credit for that too these areas
will have low taxes low regulation to
stimulate rapid economic growth maximum
affordability and the return of a thing
called which I always come back to the
American dream because we've lost the
American
dream we will bring back our supply
chains you know Supply chains were
basically not even talked it was
automatic you have a thing it's
delivered from here to here when this
lunatic became president with her
remember she was there every step of the
way but she was like silent because she
was I don't know nobody nobody nobody
respected her until she was the only
choice left they couldn't get anybody
else did you see where they had the 12
most likely people to be chosen after
after Biden and she was ranked number
last and she was the one that was
picking she was ranked she was she was
she was ranked below Tim he was second I
think second to last we will bring back
our supply CH we were going to we're
going to bring back our supply chains
we're going to bring them back from
China and other foreign countries ending
costly Supply change
those are supply chain disruptions we're
going to bring them back we're going to
bring them back fast as we reduce
burdens on domestic manufactures
American workers will make our critical
Goods better and cheaper we're going to
make them in our country right here in
the USA right here in a place called
North Carolina have you heard of it have
you heard of
it we're going to have 10 to 20% tariffs
on foreign countries that have been
ripping us off for years we're going to
charge them 10 to 20% to come in and
take advantage of our country because
that's what they've been doing for
nothing to take our jobs we're going to
charge them and bring back millions and
millions of jobs by doing so and
billions and billions of dollars I did
that with China I took in hundreds of
billions of dollars with China nobody
ever took in 10 cents from China and it
slowed them down and it made us much
better in fact Biden's been unable to
take those tariffs off China because
it's so much money coming in they don't
know what to do how do you replace it
our current he's on the tech yeah you're
right do you come from North Carolina
sir where is the guy that said that he's
on the it's pretty
good I would say yeah he could be right
he is right our current massive deficits
will be reduced to practically nothing
our country will be powered by growth
our country country will be powered by
growth we'll pay off our debt we'll have
all this income coming in if people want
to take advantage of our country they
have to pay to take advantage of our
country I will also restore peace
through strength and with the return of
global stability will come the return of
economic stability we're going to have
economic stability you know we have uh
Wars breaking out all over the world and
they ask the head of the Prime Minister
of Hungary very tough man strong man uh
very you know somebody that I always got
along I get along with the strong ones I
don't get along with the weak ones isn't
that sad that's a personality defect not
the tough ones but the tough ones are
the ones we have to worry about right
it's the good thing but Victor Orban
Victor Orban of Hungary so they asked
him what do we do Wars are breaking out
all over the world he said the answer is
very simple make sure that Trump gets
reelected president and you're not going
to have any more Wars you're not going
to have any more problems they respected
him they respected
Trump they respected Trump he actually
used a different word I would not use
that word but he can he said they were
afraid of trump because they had no idea
where the hell I was coming from with
Joe it's sort of easy to tell it's
it the whole thing is crazy you know
what we're going through it's crazy they
arrest their political opponent they go
after their political the whole place is
our country is like a different place no
more Wars no more disruptions we will
have prosperity and we will have
peace and this is how we will end the
era of inflation Mayhem and misery under
Cala and crooked Jo and unleash economic
abundance for Americans of every race
religion color and
Creed together we will deliver low taxes
low regulations low energy costs low
interest rates low inflation so that
everyone can afford groceries a car and
a home Common
Sense we will stop The Invasion end the
migrant crime support our great police
save Medicare and save Social Security
which is under Seas we will strengthen
our military build a missile defense
Shield keep critical race Theory and
transgender Insanity the hell out of our
schools and keep men out of women's
sports we will defend the Second
Amendment rest your free speech and we
will secure our
elections everyone will prosper every
family will Thrive and every day will be
filled with opportunity hope and
joy but for that to happen we must never
let kamla Harris get anywhere near the
White House and we must defeat her
country destroying liberal agenda she
destroyed San fr Frisco she's not going
to destroy our country so get your
friends get your family register
volunteer and get the hell out and vote
you got to
vote on November 5th we will save our
economy we will rescue our middle class
we will put America First and we will
make America great again thank you very
much North Carolina God bless you God
bless you all thank you very much