# Rigging the Election - Video I: Clinton Campaign and DNC Incite Violence at Trump Rallies
# Channel: Project Veritas Action
# Upload Date: 2016-10-17
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5IuJGHuIkzY
# Language: en (auto-generated)
# Extracted: 2025-08-05 20:56:29

================================================================================

it doesn't matter what the frickin legal
and ethics people say we need to win
this
Hillary like is aware of all the work
that you guys do I hope campaign is for
you and then they tell Hillary what's
going on well I mean probably knows
Jamie yeah I'm not suggesting we wait
around we need to start this  right
away
okay or every one of these crumbs okay
do I call this conflict engagement
that's better that's your version of
Rhian franchising a content-neutral in
the end aligns Trump rallies
we're starting anarchy or not this is
part one of our undercover investigation
into the dark backroom dealings of the
Hillary Clinton presidential campaign
the culmination of a year-long
investigation infiltrating the machine
from the bottom all the way to the White
House there are concerns this election
will be rate what you're about to see
will make you uncomfortable and angry
it's graphic uncensored and disturbing
our attorneys say there is strong
evidence of criminality and this is just
part one love reunion guys
oh yeah you want and they're rocking me
so I'm basically deputy Rapid Response
director for the DNC for all things
truck on the ground nobody's really
supposed to know about me
another thing we have mentally old
people and maybe pay you  make no
mistake it's going to Cesar Vargas this
is
I got a priest apply on camera wise yo
grandpa and locks and myself are all
part of the old-school method where the
batter what the frickin legal standing
you can say we need to win this
so Bob is really the Prince
of them and talk to him this afternoon
and they are all in if we can get 25
grand they're all here
there is a narrative that supporters at
Trump rallies are violent and dangerous
looking to beat up protesters who don't
agree with them but our undercover
investigation that the Hillary Clinton
Democratic Party machine reveals a very
different story if you're there and
you're protesting and you do these
actions you will be attacked it's not
right
oh oh oh so that's part of the process
that's get out I was sitting the
reaction but it was good is we know that
trans people will freak the  out the
security team that freaked out and his
supporters will lose their  this is
Scott Fogle he is the National Field
Director for Americans United for change
he used to work for people for the
American Way an organization funded by
George Soros he also has his own company
called the fo Ville group he is one of
the dark operatives for the Clinton
campaign he contracted directly the TV
and
yeah
I am contracted to him but my I answer
to the head of special events for the
DMT and the head of this metal event
some political for the campaign the
campaign pays D&C DNC pays democracy
partners democracy partners paste over
the photo group goes and executes the
on democracy partners is a private
political consulting company with deep
ties to Hillary Clinton Barack Obama's
White House and the Democratic National
Committee we are the primary mechanism
as a team
democracy partners is the tip to Spiro
ever Trump and penser Gandhi we have a
bench okay and we have a whole team
across the country that does in both
consultants and beautiful great party
and appropriate res and people from the
campaign and my rule the camp is to
manage all that Bob creamer is democracy
partners he is the husband of jan
Schakowsky a democratic congresswoman
from chicago and in 2005 he pled guilty
to tax violations in bank fraud he was
convicted and sentenced to five months
in prison and 11 months of house arrest
he founded democracy partners in 2011
just for a little orientation democracy
partners is kind of a group practice of
variety of consultants that to
essentially a wide variety of different
kinds of political is over I worked on
pain under one
on the white hands eyeball love this
investigation has revealed compelling
evidence of a dark money conspiracy a
violation of federal campaign
coordination laws between Hillary
Clinton's campaign Priorities USA
Hillary super PAC and the Democratic
National Committee we have a clip
deliverable that we have to deliver
every day our our groups applying to
involved in these projects AFC 8a for C
which is Alliance for Alliance for
Retired Americans which part of afl-cio
they are one of our partners on a C stop
participating it depends on the issue
and then the DNC and the campaign's and
priorities right there is a big part of
this to the campaigns and DNC cannot
donate with priorities that I
guaran-damn-tee you that the people who
ran the super PACs
I'll talk to each other and
Neal two other people are the hubs of
that communication
like so you're kind of like our media is
between the super PACs and the DNC but
they can see they can't talk to each
other okay
but you guys are kind of like lip
consultants so we're not the official
density and so those conversations can
be had between consultants that are
working for different parts okay let's
say this herb is Bob who's the primary
of the and I'm a sub to him and I'm also
primary to a UFC separately that's why
so there's like a Morse code between the
DNC and super PACs and you guys have
been there so but is it a text a text
conversation in other words it's like
that it's there like it's there like an
ongoing Pony Express
okay so I mean that's not as a person as
it could be
that's because the log is allowed the
thing that we have to watch is making
sure there's a double bond between the
actual campaign and the actual DNC and
what we're doing there's a double blind
there now and so they can plausibly deny
the baby write anything about it
scoff oval is creamers attack dog fo
Ville and his people train the agitators
to go to Trump rallies and nothing is
left to chance
this is script oh there is a scripted
script okay the script of engagement
sometimes the crazies bite sometimes the
crazies don't bite they're starting
confrontations in the line right they're
not starting conference' volunteers in
the rally because once they're inside
the rally they're on the Secret
Service's control when they're outside
the rally more effect it out they're
harder to get in the media will cover it
where it happens I assume it's always in
the RAL initiating the conflict by
having leading conversations with people
who are naturally psychotic right okay I
mean honestly it is not hard to get some
of these  to pop off right it's
a matter of showing up to want to get
into the rally in a Planned Parenthood
t-shirt chain or you know I Trump is a
Nazi you know you get you can message to
draw them out and draw them to punch you
fo Vil boasts about the extent of his
network of operatives so here it wanna
you have a schedule of events we update
this on an ongoing rolling basis every
morning those are all the Trump
appearances or all the trouble and Pence
appearances tomorrow for instance we are
turning out 500 people in front of the
Trump International in DC we have to
have people here to go wherever these
events are which means we have to have a
central tendon educator training yeah
now we have a built-in group of people
in New York we do this okay we have a
built-in group of people in DC we do
this it's going to say are they are they
localized you have a group of people in
Vegas we have a group of people in
Colorado whether were four people in
Minneapolis so I'm basically deputy
Rapid Response Director for the DNC for
all things strong on the ground
this guy is aaron black he works
full-time for Kramer at democracy
partners he directs the spontaneous
protests at Trump and pence events his
real name is actually Aaron Minter we
don't know why he uses the name black
nobody's really supposed to know about
me
the Chicago protests when they shot all
that that was us was more him than me
but none of this is supposed to come
back to us because we wanted coming from
people we don't want it to come from the
party so we do a protest and it's brown
BNC protest it's right away the press
gonna say partisan but if I'm in there
coordinating with all the groups on the
and sort of playing field general but
they're the ones talking to the cameras
then it's actually people but if we send
out press advisories with the NC on them
and and but in campaign it just doesn't
have that same effect we have to be
really careful or on because away
because what we don't need is for show
up on CNN that the DNC paid for X people
to that's not going to happen
zulan mo Rodriguez and Aaron black are
bragging about a protest last March that
turned extremely violent and led the
Trump campaign to cancel a huge rally
fights broke out between protesters and
Trump supporters and to Chicago police
officers were injured based on reporting
the event was not spontaneous we have a
quality campaign every day to go over
the focuses that need to be undertaken
we met her at the Republican convention
in Cleveland in July
yeah really this Clinton dark machine is
also prepared for the fallout from the
violence they foamin at the Trump
rallies and other demonstrations because
the one thing I'm never going to do is
have some kid get punched out at a rally
and then not have his doctor bill in his
legal bill if you gets arrested pay for
it ultimately the whole endeavor is to
get negative press of Trump and his
supporters in local and national media
and something that Bob and I obsessive
is we're not going to go to an effort
you just do an event and not have
anybody show up or not have it covered
we have to get covered these guys have
been doing their dirty tricks for some
time even before Trump won the
nomination oh I probably know your work
but what's the you mean like a situation
where it's sort of like a the Iowa State
Fair thing where Scott Walker grabbed
the side of the dudes Han ah and then
the dude gets kind of roughed up right
in front of the stage right
the guy who robbed on yes is my
counterpart who works for about and then
and that was like like a storyboarded to
him getting roughed up and really
scenario and it you - so you like lent
yourself to that situation in it have
you noticed a self-fulfilling prophecy
we've planted multiple in that front
area around and in the back to make sure
there wasn't just a action and happen a
hub itself short reaction happened how
bad remember this woman her name is
Shirley Teeter she is a 69 year old
sufferer of COPD according to numerous
news stories at the time she was
assaulted at a trump rally in North
Carolina by Trump supporter Richard
Campbell the media played her story
across the country for days she was one
of our activists she one of your
activists who had been - who then turned
up to bird dogs yes so the term bird
dogging you put people in the line at
the front which means they have to get
there at six o'clock in the mornings and
they're getting the front of the rally
so that when Trump comes down the rope
line they're the ones asking him the
question in front of a reporter because
they're pre placed there to funnel that
kind of operation you have to start back
with people two weeks ahead of time and
train them how to ask question right you
have to turn them into bird dog no
saying we have mentally ill people hmm
hey Jew  make no mistake over the
last twenty years I paid off a few
homeless guys to do some crazy stuff and
I've also taken them for dinner and I've
also no no they had our towel and it's
in a shower and I put them in a program
like I've done that but the reality is a
lot of especially in are you doing guys
a lot of her Union guys don't do bad oh
yeah you want and they're rocking low
level and I need to get something done
in Arkansas all right the first guy I
call is the head of the afl-cio Tom AHA
because he will say what do you need I
will say I need a guy who will do this
and this and they find that guy and that
guy will be like yeah hey listen bird
dogging bird dogging it's a word we had
not heard until we got into this
investigation but when we checked the
WikiLeaks Clinton emails we found
references to the term and emails to and
from the campaign this is a chain where
Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook
suggests it might be a tactic to employ
to shore up support with Hispanic voters
after our report they may also need some
help with the people in Iowa in
Wisconsin so we have to be really honest
Iowa is a difficult case because it's a
50/50 state and honestly at half the
status rate racist is fine I I came home
last night and really just I was upset
because that's not the way I was raised
and that's not the Iowa that I grew up
in but you don't have to accept that's
the way it is know who you are but
that's what the state is right Wisconsin
is just as bad okay I'm Hillary Clinton
and I approve this message
corruption as you can see it's alive and
well in our country and you're paying
for it as we continue to release more
videos you must hold the mainstream
media to account to further investigate
what we've uncovered America our war is
here we must decide if we're going to
save this country or lose it
to quote Abraham Lincoln America will
never be destroyed from the outside if
we falter or lose our freedoms it will
be because we destroyed ourselves
you