# LIVE: Donald Trump speaks at MAGA rally in Georgia\n# Channel: Times News\n# Upload Date: 2024-08-03\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-1UAZqFLVYI\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:44:32\n\n================================================================================\n\nwell thank you very much to the next
Vice President of the United States JD
Vance he's doing a great
job you know they go after JD you know
why he's for the worker he's for people
that get out and they want to work work
work and frankly they are people that
have been taken advantage of and he
doesn't like it and he's done great he's
done great he's been everything we could
have expected and much more so JD thank
you very much I appreciate it and thank
you to
Atlanta I'm thrilled to be back in the
great state of Georgia I love
Georgia with thousands of proud
hardworking American
Patriots crazy Camala Ultra left you
know that that she was here a week ago
lots of empty seats but the crowd she
got was because she had
entertainers and it all started to
unfold when they started to leave about
10 minutes into the speech was very
boring I don't need entertainers I fill
the stadium because I'm making America
great again that's our
entertainment that's our entertainment
making America great again
and I have to tell you with have
thousands of people outside uh and the
state was terrific but the and the fire
marshal I will say could not have been
better thank you to the fire marshal
but but the school
administration stopped us from getting
another 500 600 even a thousand people
in thousands of people were told no and
that was okay but we could have fit
another 600
people so I don't know anything about
the
school I don't know anything about this
school but they could have allowed more
people you got people standing outside
it's look at all the people outside they
could have come in they could have come
in so we're not happy hello out
there and then they actually pushed the
people very far away from the building
where we have beautiful cameras set up
for the Overflow crowds the administ
ation of the school so uh I'm not sure
if I'm going to be sending anybody to
the school I'm not happy about it if
they're going to stand in the way of
admitting people to our rally just
imagine what they're going to do on
Election Day we're not going to let that
happen 94 days from now we're going to
win the great state of Georgia in an
epic lands
and we're going to defeat crazy
Kamala Kamala you know there's about 19
different ways of saying and she only
likes
three Biden never even came close h
hamala no it's
Kamala we're going to evict this radical
and incompetent Administration from the
White House at destroying our country
we're going to save our country we're
going to save our country yesterday it
was announced that unemployment is
surging with 350,000 Americans joining
the unemployment roles just last month
tell you what we could end up in a
depression we could end up in World War
III and a depression how about
that could happen too under Harris Biden
policies we now have the highest
unemployment rate in 3 years
just came out yesterday even I was
surprised those numbers were terrible if
Harris wins this election you will
quickly have a comma economic crash you
could have a crash you could also have a
crash like in 1929 more specifically
because that's where we're headche when
we win you will rapidly see a brand new
Trump economic boom it's going to be
booming like it was four years
ago with your vote inflation will stop
the illegal legal aliens will be turned
back they're not coming and we got to
stop
them did you see where she's now saying
oh we had a very good border oh great
they had the worst Border in the history
of the world it's all misinformation
that's all they're good at that and
cheating on elections they're very good
at that the cartels will be Crush crime
will plummet incomes will SAR the wars
will end and the American dream will
come roaring back
bigger better and stronger than ever
before right
yes thank
you but with four more years of Kamala
the California socialist you know she
destroyed San Francisco then she
destroyed the whole state look at what's
going on in California with your family
and our country it'll never recover if
you have any more time with these people
it's already I'm worried about the next
three months if you think about it these
people are grossly incompetent you'll
end up in World War II I'll tell you and
I hope I'm not right about that you know
you ever see the hats Trump is right
about everything I don't want to be
right
about her policies of open borders and
double digit inflation in inflation like
we've never seen before it's destroying
middle income families Working Families
All Families will demolish your life
savings 40 or 50 million illegal aliens
will invade our country during the next
four years if they're end 40 or 50
million Medicare and Social Security you
know she said she wants to put everybody
on health care you know that's wonderful
it's all wonderful first of all they
shouldn't be told to come here many of
them were fine where they were but no
country can sustain this Social Security
will buckle and collapse the suburbs
will be over run with violent crime and
Savage foreign gangs that's what they're
doing you know they're sending all their
gangs into the United States right look
there's Front Row Joe you didn't get
into the front row what happened to you
I oh what happened thank you we have
front row Jose they' been to
229 rallies and
then look at these
people these I call them the beautiful
ladies and you're not allowed to say
that anymore it's the end of your
political career you say beautiful
you're barely allowed to say ladies
right because that could also be
destructive but they're beautiful
they're ladies and they're great and
they've been to
26 rallies from North
Carolina they look
great happily
married I got to talk to their husbands
I don't know
they way over 200 rallies and they're
incredible people thank you very much by
the way thank you appreciate
it together we will stop kamla Harris's
Nation wrecking I tell you what when you
see what she's done to our nation she's
wrecking our nation the radicalism will
take back our country from the worst
Administration in American history Biden
was the worst president in the history
of our country she's acknowledged to be
the worst vice president in the history
of our
country she doesn't have a clue you know
if she doesn't have a teleprompter she
can't even speak did you see her the
other night they put a camera in her
face she can't even talk we just went
through four years let's not go through
another four
years can't
talk that was terrible you know there we
go by the way I'd like to congratulate
Vladimir Putin for having made yet
another great deal did you see the deal
we made now look we want to get people
in you know we got 59 hostages I never
paid anything uh they released some of
the greatest Killers anywhere in the
world some of the most evil killers they
got and we got our people back but boy
we make some horrible horrible deals and
it's nice to say we got them back but
the does that set a bad precedent Bert
right does that set a bad does that set
a bad precedent Bert Harris has the most
ultr left-wing agenda of any
presidential candidate ever in history
there's never been anybody like this she
is considered more left-wing than crazy
Bernie Sanders look at her she's worse
than
Bernie and she happens to be really a
low IQ individual she really does she
has a very low IQ
we don't need a low
IQ president XI of China said oh good we
have another one a low IQ individual
they love dealing with low IQ they love
dealing with low IQ people and they got
him here I'll tell you we got them all
she is terrible she's worse than he I
think she's worse than him by the way
they really took it away from the guy
right I don't feel sorry for him because
he's a bad guy you know he's weaponized
the whole thing and nobody's ever done
that this country but he's a bad guy but
uh people feel sorry for him they did a
coup he just doesn't know
it but actually he does know it you know
that they said Joe you got 14 million
votes it's yours but you're going to
give it up you're going to give it up
right now Joe you're giving it up right
now no I'm not I was elected
democratically I was elected no you're
giving it up Joe we're either going to
do it the nice way or the hard way Joe
you're getting the hell
out and it was the debate performance so
here's what happened in the debate you
know we went there was the highest rated
debate ever and which was a great
compliment and as I left the debate
stage I took off because other people
were entering the stage you understand I
said I don't want to confront other
people so we had a great debate but as I
left CNN I won't say who but they said
that was the single greatest debate
performance I've ever seen and this went
on for two days they were saying how
great I was on the third day they didn't
mention that anymore they said he was
terrible I liked it the first way better
I made him choke don't kid yourself we
made him choke he was choking like a dog
he was joking he was choking like a dog
and that was the end of him I mean that
was the end from that then they said
okay this was a disaster so then they
started doing interviews with people
that are you know 100% bought the media
the fake news media they had uh some
people interviewing him like George
sload
dolos ABC there ABC is one of the worst
by the way they're all sort of bad when
you get right down but ABC's bad and
they're asking them hard ball questions
like where did you stay last
night did you think you did well in the
debate even though you could did you
ever see a guy in the debate you know
they give you like two minutes to answer
and you want to use up you got so much
fertility in there you want to use up
every second and it answer a question
you have 92 seconds left and I kept
saying I'll take
them and he said uh oh
you have 92 seconds left he goes
oh this is not what he
wanted he left a lot of time on the
board but I went right down to the last
second I didn't want to go a little bit
over because I know they cut me they
would have cut
me but they were very fair actually
seeing and shockingly honestly they were
very fair they wanted to do another one
you know we're doing one with Fox if she
shows up I don't think she's going to
show up she can't talk she can read a
teleprompter I'd give her about a six on
a scale of 10
six for talking I'd give her less than a
one we need people that can
talk kala pledge to give free taxpayer
funded Health Care to all illegal aliens
how do you like that
idea which will destroy Social Security
she she called for the abolition of ice
listen ice I know some people here two
of them are really tough guys they're
Fighters they're vicious people they're
good tough people they don't want to
work for ice ice will go into a pack of
MS13 killers and Thugs and for about two
minutes you just see fists flying back
and forth back and then they stand up
and they win and they grab them they
throw him in a Patty wagon they get him
the hell out of the country and she's
calling them she's calling them the
equivalent of KKK
okay and she loves deadly Sanctuary
cities by the way all of the things
you're hearing now she's now
denying but you know the one good thing
about the internet you press a button
and you got it although they are trying
to delete
everything you know they changed the
picture of me from a couple of weeks ago
and they really radicalized that they
changed it you know using AI they
changed it they had all the people on
the stage who were angry and they were
smart and sharp and very brave and they
had them all big smiles on their face
can you believe that they put the agents
who I have to tell you say what you want
those people were Brave they were
running to me and the bullets were
flying the Secret
Service they were very brave they were
very brave I can say
they were very brave they were running
at me and they knew the bullets were
going right over my head at that point
the first one was uh not a good
situation not a good
situation that was really uh that was
really something incredible that was
from God that was from
God because the
chances yeah that was no that was from
God for all of you non-believers that
one was for God
right that was a
close but uh I I just want to say while
of me though they were very brave they
they pounced on me they pounced on me
and I heard those things whizzing over
me they were whizzing and uh and I have
to say that because you know they take
people take abuse uh and there were
mistakes made there were mistakes made
pretty bad ones but The Bravery of that
moment was incredible and uh also that
the sniper the Secret Service who's a
phenomenal talented shooter one bullet
from hundreds of yards away if he
doesn't hit his Target and he hit his
Target boom but from hundreds if he
doesn't hit the
target then you have Corey and a lot of
other people that are dead Corey was
great two other great gentlemen Warriors
great Trump people we love them uh and
they they're really they we thought they
were going to be gone to the doctors
were incredible they did a great job an
unbelievable job but if that sniper and
he had 5 Seconds to think he had five he
did not know about it beforehand by the
way he had five seconds he saw the Flesh
and he knew what that was and within 5
seconds he got off his shot one bullet
think of it one bullet and that was the
end otherwise you would have had you
would have had many people dead who did
a hell of a
job and that was from a very far
distance that was for from basically
about triple the distance it was a long
it was a much longer shot so we want to
thank him and we want to thank all of
the people in secret service for their
bravery because they were very brave I
mean this was a bad thing very
bad but she refused uses
to even say the words illegal alien or
radical Islamic terrorist she says Nope
and the main thing think of this she
wants to let Mass amnesty and
citizenship she wants all illegals to
have mass amnesty
everybody even criminals because many of
them that are coming in are from prisons
and jails and mental institutions insane
asylums they hate why when I use Dr
Hannibal leor is a the late great
Hannibal Lector oh there go look at all
the media back there look at all the
fake
news that's a lot of fake
news that's a lot of fake news
Bert but uh but she doesn't want to get
involved look Le let's here's the story
when a politician says something young
in life that's where they are that's
what they believe in defund the police
all the things that she said that's
where she would go if she ever got the
chance she's never going to get the
chance our country will be destroyed
she's worse than Biden she's worse than
Bernie Sanders she's Bernie Sanders but
not as
smart that's the way I've feel I said
she's a dumb version of Bernie Sanders
and actually further left than him she
supports mandatory gun confiscation I'm
sure you wouldn't mind
that would anybody mind if they came
into your house and took away your gun
or your
gun oh I'm show I'm shocked I'm shocked
to hear that she's for taking away all
of your guns the problem is they won't
take them away from the bad guy the bad
guy's not giving up the guns the good
guys are can oh well yes ma'am here's my
gun thank you now you're totally
defenseless in your house no you can't
do that she said that a 70 to 80% tax
hike is quote a bold idea that should be
discussed oh that's nice she
co-sponsored the $100 trillion green
news scam she wants to abolish all oil
and coal and natural gas we want to work
on wind wind we want to have wind
blowing she vowed to ban fracking she
wants the government to stop people from
eating red meat she wants to get rid of
your cows No More
Cows no more cow oh it's serious you
know in Europe is you know you smile and
you think about it but in Europe they're
sort of doing it they don't want any
cattle she wants to get rid of gas
powered cars and replace them with all
electric they don't go far they cost too
much they're all made in China other
than that they're
fantastic and I'm for electric car I
have to be you know because Elon
endorsed me very strongly Elon so I have
no choice but he
knows no I am for I'm for him for as
small slice as a slice but you want to
have gas propelled cars you want to have
hybrids you want to have every kind of a
car imaginable they want to go all
electric and there's no way you can ever
there's no way you can ever load them up
they call them loading them you can't
load them we're going to have to spend 9
trillion in the middle west you saw they
built Chargers now A charger is a gas
pump with electricity come through is
that good so it's like a for eight
Chargers they
spent billion do is that a good
deal so at that rate it would be1
trillion to charge up the country the
whole thing is crazy right Mr
preacher she wants to get rid of two
very special words to me and I came up
with this because I noticed when you
went into stores I used to go into
stores now I wouldn't want to go into
stores because I have everything under
lock and key you ever see that have bars
up they have glass up I don't know how
you can do business like that I'd like
to buy a toothpaste please oh wait till
the clerk comes you know 25 minutes a
cler they open this heavy glass armor
door ah here to how the hell do you make
money doing
that it used to be that if somebody
robbed your store you would be very
tough about it right now comma started
this anything under $1,000 you can do
whatever you want another way and these
guys are sitting out there you ever see
them they've got paper okay go ahead
that's over that drop that back put that
there's no crime if it's less than
$1,000 she's the one who started it she
is a
lunatic she wants to get rid
of these two very special words you
remember I used to bring it up all the
time in 2016 by the way we did much
better in 2020 than we did in 2016 but
these are minor
we did much better they said what was
the difference I said well we got
millions and more votes you know as you
know that too but we're not going to let
that happen again ready the two words
are Merry Christmas she doesn't want
anybody saying Merry Christmas now she's
denying it and then they found the tape
last night she's such a liar she denies
all this stuff she said I was not the
Bazar she was the New York Times there a
headline Bazar she was the bordar she
was the worst bordar she was the worst
Zar in
history Ker's radical ideas belong in a
San Francisco commune filled with
far-left freaks but they do not belong
in the White House they do not belong in
the United States of
America this November Georgia is going
to tell kamla that we will not let her
turn America into a communist country
remember used to say we will never be a
socialist country well I was right they
skipped socialism they've got I was
right I was right it will never be a
socialist country I'd say that State of
the Union I said we will not ever allow
our country to be a socialist country I
was right it's gone communist it skipped
socialism it never stopped the train
never stopped at the
socialism World the world of socialism
not a good one but the world of Comm
communism is many times worse now that
they've swapped out
Biden is he going to the uh Democrat
convention this a big question I'd like
to go to watch Kam get warning as they
ripped it away from me they took away
his presidency what do you think Mr
Congressman you made a very good speech
didn't he make a good speech what do you
think about ripping away their socialism
there what do you think about ripping
away the the guy's presidency right Dem
no it's not
democracy remember the words they use
they are a threat to democracy they've
been saying that about me for seven
years I I think I got shot because of
that okay people said he's a threat to
democracy no I'm the one that is saving
democracy it's true they're a
threat thank
wow that's
nice thank you
MRE now we're saving to Marcy wow I'm
going to use that Mor I've never used
that before I'm always hitting them I
should say instead I'm going to save
democracy and get a nice pick
of and it is true though certain phrases
get amazing response like I will keep
men out of women's sports now you find
out I'm right I used to use the barbells
I said now all you have to do is look at
the boxers this young girl from Italy a
very a champion boxer she got hit so
hard she didn't know what the hell hit
her it's a person that
transitioned he was a good he was a good
mailbox yeah he was a good mailbox
and she didn't even go
down he hit her with two Jabs and she
said I'm
out how crazy is it the weightlift isn't
great though because they put a quarter
of an ounce here a quarter of an ounce
here and she goes by the way first lady
of the United States hates when I do
this she says it's so damn
unpresidential I said but the people
like it right margerie she doesn't like
it she's a very elegant woman she
doesn't like should I do it
marre so now no our first lady she said
you know your speech was great but this
weightlifting thing is so unelegant and
please don't imitate him not being able
to find stairs because every time you do
it they say it was you that couldn't
find the stairs sure I'm very careful
because the Press is among the most
dishonest human beings in history
they know Bruce knows the great Bruce
LVL stand up he's been with me from
before I
ran he was with me in
2014 saying that guy in New York should
run he'll be great president that was
long before I even read I didn't even
know about it I think you might have
convinced me to run I don't know some of
these people you know they've been some
people have been with me long before I
ran they would say Trump should run that
we had Romney remember Romney and they
did
polls Romney and Paul Ryan what a
combination that was whoops there we go
a fox fox just
want no Paul Ryan's on the board of fox
what a mistake that was but they had
Romney and Paul Ryan what a team that
was they got clobber they got clobber
the choice of this election could not be
more Stark on the one hand you have a
radical left
freak you have a candidate who is fake
fake fake on the other hand you have a
president who will fight fight fight for
America fight fight fight I will I
promise I will
by the way the fire marshal I I love
them could the school people allow
there's some seats right up there they
could let them come in I don't know what
you're doing I don't know what you're
doing let the people come in they're
standing outside thousands of them let
them come
in it's obious it's
obviously it's obviously marjerie a very
liberal school I guess right I'm not
happy with the school let him come in
they're standing it's 95 degrees out let
them come in is some
seats they got thousands of people they
won't let them in a Harris president you
know why because they don't want to show
that we're successful that's
all they don't want to show she has to
go get entertainers they start leaving
as soon as she opens her
mouth well Hillary used to do that too I
remember she got Bruce
Springsteen I'm not a fair you know I'm
not a huge
fan I only like I have a bad trait I
only like people that like me does that
make
sense and these people like me Bert
right these people like
me
no no Hill Hill used to do it all the
time she got the idea from Hillary
Hillary got Bruce Spring I'll never
forget and the place was pretty full not
full like our places are full and I
don't have a guitar I don't have a
guitar I don't have a guitar but our
places are bigger we get more people
than anybody I don't care what how many
guitars they have you know in New Jersey
we had 107,000 people come nobody has
that nobody in Alabama we had 68,000
people in South Carolina we had 82,000
people that had close up the whole
state we even did one in the South Bronx
in New York rough place but boy it was
it was love 25,000 people it was love
was
love but I'll never forget that Hillary
and she had and they were all saying oh
she Drew you know 25,000 people or
something then he finished with the
concert she starts speaking and
everyone's leaving I said that's not
working out so good that's not working
out right but uh I don't know you have
to be real you have if people show up
people show up to do that I don't know
there's something pretty phony about it
but she had somebody who did she have
who was the Entertainer that she had you
know yeah yeah that's what I
think by the way the Entertainer
couldn't fill the place either even with
the help of the school the school's
trying to get students please go this is
embarrassing to us please
oh no wasn't Hillary a beauty when I
campaigned against her she said look at
him look at him just look at those words
he uses he will start wars no no I had
no Wars I got rid of Isis 100% of Isis
but that was already started I was the
one that had no Wars first time in 80
years in California Harris was the
original Marxist prosecutor she was in
the role of Fanny Willis has anybody
ever heard of Fanny
Willis you know Fanny Willis is a good
friend of your Governor you know that
your Governor I'm not a fan of your
Governor but she was in the role of
Fanny Willis or Larry ker George
cascan Alvin Bragg of New York oh he
goes after me he goes after me because
of uh the justice department never
happened before the da of San Francisco
har shielded illegal alien cracked alers
from deportation she wouldn't let them
be deported she fought like hell she
wouldn't arrest criminals of the worst
kind she wouldn't arrest murderers she
wouldn't arrest anybody the state has
gone to Hell Gavin nsam is the worst one
of the worst Gavin
nusum but she was the one that started
it she ruined San Francisco ruined
California as California attorney
general she defined and redefined child
sex trafficking assault with a deadly
weapon and rape of a unconscious person
an unconscious person raped as
nonviolent these were nonviolent crimes
we shouldn't even prosecute these people
to help spring child predators and
dangerous criminals out of prison all
over the state and during the left-wing
Riots of 2020 you saw that she urged her
followers to donate to bail rapists and
murderers out of jail while saying that
the violent mobs should not stop they
should not stop she said she was
endorsing to fund the place and the
police and she said violent mobs let the
violent mobs keep going let them keep
going we love what they're doing we love
what they represent this is the lunatic
that the fake news is trying to build up
to be the next Margaret
thater you know
you
know four months ago she was considered
grossly incompetent by the fake news now
they're saying oh isn't She Wonderful
Isn't She Wonderful no she's not
wonderful so we have to work hard to
Define her we I don't want to even
Define her I just want to say who she is
she's a horror show she'll destroy our
country for years she has pushed
legislation to strip police officers of
any protection they have no protection
anything they do they get sued they go
bankr they lose their house they lose
their family they lose their pension
they ruin their lives they want to ruin
their lives she was the worst at ruining
police officers when I'm and by the way
I have the endorsement of virtually
every police organization in the United
States almost
every and when I'm president of the
United States again we will never defund
the police we will only over fund we're
going to overfund the police if we have
to I will always give our law
enforcement heras the protection
resources and respect that they so
dearly deserve and like other Marxist
EAS and she was the first of them she
was horrible she was horrible she had a
very good friend named Willie Brown I
liked Willie
Brown he knows more about her than
anybody's everever
known he could tell you every single SLE
thing about her could tell you stories
that you're not going to want to
hear like other Marxist da
camela supports abolishing cash bail
which means bloodthirsty criminals that
just kill somebody can immediately leave
custody go out and kill somebody else
which which by the way they often do
under these kinds of woke radical left
policies Atlanta is like a killing field
and your Governor ought to get off his
ass and do something about
it just a few weeks ago two 13-year-old
boys were murdered and an 11-year-old
was shot while sitting outside their
house in southwest Atlanta in June a 47
year-old man a 69y old woman and a 7
yearold woman were shot in the middle of
the day shot right through the head in
the food court of Peach Tree Center what
a nice name in downtown Atlanta where
you can't even walk anymore the shooter
had been previously arrested 11 times
but they think it was 24 times he' gone
to prison for assault and armed robbery
many times since I was President
aggravated assaults in Atlanta are up
177% and there's a 20% increase in
shoplifting and a 90% increase in
overall crime murders are up massively
murders you go to the store I want to
buy a loaf of bread darling you come
back ma'am I'm sorry but your husband's
been killed he went for bread across the
street he's been shot to death ma'am
Nationwide there's been a 43% increase
in violent crimes since I left office
including a 58% increase in rape 89% %
increase in aggravated assault and a 56%
increase in stone cold
robbery July 4th weekend in Chicago
117 people were shot 100 I'm not talking
about like I'm talking about shot not
aimed at and Miss but I can guarantee
that number was big but 117 people were
shot of the 117 17 died many are going
to be incapacitated they're going to be
uh working for the rest of their lives
just to move many of are many are
paralyzed many of those people are
paralyzed right now nobody ever talks
about that so 117 people shot 17 died
many very seriously hurt for the rest of
their lives if kamla wins it will be
crime chaos and death all across our
country we're going to have just the
opposite you know it's up to the
governors and the Mayors to run things
but with Minnesota which was a disaster
Minneapolis that crimes you remember the
CNN reporter this is a friendly
Riot oh please I I'd rather not use the
word Riot this is a friendly get
together and behind him the whole city
is burning down remember that remember
it was like the Flames were going like
for miles and then he got hit on the
knee with something I think it was a
hand grenade that didn't go off remember
him with the shaved head ding ding ding
shaved his head how do I look great then
he goes down a hand grenade head so how
do I look darling Oh you look
great they call it the Summer of Love
remember they took over Seattle 20% if I
didn't have the soldiers ready to go
that morning that Seattle would still be
occupied they actually took over a large
percentage of Seattle Portland what they
did with Portland you know I was in the
say I love Storrs beautiful bronze I
love bronze and Beautiful Everything
storefront so beautiful in Portland you
know they have a storefront their
storefronts have been so decimated they
use old
2x4s with a wooden door no glass no
windows it look it's a worst looking
Avenue I've ever seen because and I
spoke to people that have shops there
they don't have them anymore they've all
fled but the few people that remain they
have wooden storefronts made out of old
Lumber and they said no anything we put
up in including this will be knocked
down the next time and it happens on a
weekly basis and nobody does anything
about it if I didn't bring out they knew
the military was coming in the next day
in Seattle if they didn't know that and
they fled they all said oh it's about
time to get it you know when they were
doing monuments in Washington marjerie
knows this I got an old bill because I
doubt we could ever get Congress to pass
one like this and they were trying to
rip down monuments and then it was
Abraham Lincoln they were going to rip
down the monument to to Abraham Lincoln
they were ripping down other monuments
they didn't care who it was they just
wanted to destroy our country and I took
this old bill from the from
1889 today you wouldn't have the guts to
sign a thing like that although they
should they should make it even tougher
and it said if you desecrate or even
touch a monument in any way shape or
form you go to jail for 10 years and
there's no shortened sentence
there's no shortened sentence there's no
like you get nine years off for good
behavior no it's 10 years and you're not
allowed to even do that no judge is
allowed to do it in fact it was so old
when I had a I'm saying this is an old
sucker this thing is old but I
reinstituted it people were it was so
severe frankly that they didn't use it
and then I had a press conference
remember and I announced anybody and
people were you know doing lassos of
those gorgeous horses and all the things
up there and yet you saw it the other
day they were doing it again in
Washington DC with spray paint into
limestone and granite you know the
Limestone it's a very poorer Stone I was
very good at this I was a builder as you
may have heard and the Limestone that
paint goes in there sucks in a hundred
years you'll see that there's nothing
you can do it just goes right in it's
very very porous it's sand basically
beautiful sand beautiful lions beautiful
monuments the bells and everything
desecrated and I wonder what happened to
those people probably nothing right
probably nothing what they did they did
tremendous damage they did tremendous
damage but so I announced this bill and
the bill I had a press conference to
announce it and I said 10 years for
anybody even touching any of our
beautiful monuments you know what
happened it was a beautiful
site I saw thousands of asses only the
back walking out of town some were
running they didn't want to do anything
they just wanted to get the hell out of
town and that was the end of the problem
we didn't have any more problem we had
no more problem after
that there was no problem and that was
the end you didn't hear about it after
that Mr Congressman did we Collins good
good speaker he is he's got a future
does he have a future Mar I don't know
got the look he's got the
hair good job I watched good job we will
restore Law and Order to America we will
bring back Public Safety to the great
state of Georgia which is doing very
badly in that way and on day one we will
seal the Border Stop The Invasion and
send the illegal aliens back home and
we'll do it very
quickly
right for three and a half
years borders are Harris and again she
refuses to acknowledge that she was the
bordar she was the worst worst manager
we've ever had ever and by the way all
of the people in charge of the Border
they've all endorsed me they said he was
the greatest president we've ever
had Tom homman you know Brandon Jud all
of those guys they've all endorsed me
and they said she's the worst the it's
hard for them to say that but you know I
said there's never been anybody so
incompetent for three and a half years
borders of Harris has allowed terrorists
and criminals to pour across our wide
openen border and now she's denying it
don't you can't fall forward
disinformation deny deny deny deny for a
year we never nothing happened we were
great we were great we were so tough and
some people will start to believe it you
know they use the word brainwash did you
ever hear the word brainwash Mitt
Romney's father used that word it wasn't
good when he used that word it destroyed
his career but they were brainwashed
some people get they hear it over and
over again how bad they were and they
say how great a job they did they did
great they did great they say it again
and again and all of a sudden people and
don't forget it's not their main thing
they accountants their lawyers their
taxi drivers their Carpenters their
electricians they hear it over and over
again all of a sudden they say she was
really great on the border wasn't she no
she was a disaster she has destroyed our
country we're going to bring it back but
she has destroyed our country she's
incompetent they're coming from South
America they're coming from Asia they're
coming from Africa and the Middle East
from prisons and jails they're coming
from all over the world they're not just
coming from South America everyone
thinks oh South America they want to
vote at Spanish and they going to like
but by the way we are doing better with
the Hispanic population I think now than
they are so that's not working out too
but they're coming from all over the
world not
just South America they're coming from
the Congo in Africa a lot of coming from
the Congo from prisons where do you come
from the Congo oh what's your address we
live in prison what did you do murder
oh welcome to the United States of
America it's lovely the only good thing
is I say this all the time these people
are so violent and vicious that are
being brought into our country they're
so violent so vicious that they make our
gang members and bad people and
criminals look like the nicest people on
Earth so when we see an MS13 some person
now we say Well they're not that bad
these are the worst people anywhere in
the world coming into our country
they're coming in at levels that
nobody's ever seen before there's
nothing good about it there's nothing
can be made of it and they're actually
trying to get them to sign up and vote
they don't even speak the language they
don't even know where the hell they are
they want him to sign up and vote and we
have the head of our great Republican
party here and he is not letting it
happen wherever you may
be right wherever you may
be doing a great
job you know that right they're coming
in and they're trying to sign them up
because I used to say like only two
reasons this could be happening they
hate our country or they're stupid well
they're not stupid because anybody that
can cheat on elections that good is not
stupid and they do I really believe they
do to a certain extent hate our country
because you know why but I never really
talked about the third reason because
it's so Sinister but they want to sign
these people up to vote and if they do
that this country is destroyed we become
a Dumping Ground for the entire world
and we're not going to take it anymore
just a few months ago right here in your
state I met with the devastated family
what a beautiful family of lak and Riley
the brilliant 22-year-old nursing
student top of her
class who was out for a jog on the
campus of the University of Georgia when
she was assaulted beaten and
horrifically killed her family was I
mean look they'll never be the same
incred ible family kamla Harris l in the
Savage monster who murdered lak and
rally he was an illegal alien who was in
Border Patrol custody but under Harris's
policies instead of being deported
immediately and fast he was set free
into America please enjoy your stay
lakan's blood is on kamla Harris's hands
and she was in charge of the Border
there are many many people like
that Laken is not the only
one Kamala is responsible for the
death as though she was standing there
watching it herself she was responsible
and for so many more 3 days after
releasing lakan's killer into the United
States Harris went on television and
lied to the American people saying the
border is secure quote the border is
secure what kind of a politician lies to
Americans about keeping the Border open
while precious young girls are being
assaulted and killed and Laken is one
where the Press was I mean very strong
on it but there are thousands of people
that are being
killed and being criminalized and
victimized by these people that are
pouring into our country I call it
migrant crime we now have migrant crime
in our country it's a new form of crime
it's called migrant crime and it's
vicious and it's really bad kamla Harris
should not be asking for your vote she
should be begging Lake and Riley's
family for forgiveness and Joe Biden
never would mention her
name you remember when
Biden wouldn't mention her name then all
of a sudden because Laken was really
mean that was a big deal that was a very
horrible just horrific and he wouldn't
mention her name and then he finally did
it and he called her the wrong name
Lincoln right called her Lincoln good
coach Lincoln rally good coach maybe
that's where it came from but called her
Lincoln and uh he's just he was so bad
such a bad president such a bad
president and president was set by
having him as a president he was a
disaster for this country you get angry
talking about it cuz it's almost
impossible to believe you can be that
bad you know people like certain people
and I understand it they could have
different beliefs different
policies like Ronald Reagan he had
something special about him he had a
there was an Nora right I didn't agree I
didn't agree with him on trade I didn't
think he was as good on trade as he
could have been could have been tougher
on trade but he had something special
they all you know somebody they have but
this last group that there's nothing
they have they have nothing I call them
crooked jofer reason he's crooked I also
call him sleepy Joe he's sleepy he's
sleepy he's crooked he's incompetent
he's
dumb and she's worse she's
worse if Harris wins a NeverEnding
stream of illegal alien rapists MS13
animals and child Predators will flood
into your communities if I win on day
one we will begin the largest
deportation operation in American
history
have no
choice we have no
choice no country can sustain this we
have no choice and we will immediately
expel every single criminal that bordar
Harris has allowed into our country no
country can sustain it in a recent CBS
poll 62% of Americans support large
scale deportation and others are saying
it's 83%
85% including 53% of Hispanic voters
because they see what's happening by the
way the Hispanic voter and me have like
this special relationship I understand
them they're very entrepreneurial very
smart but they also understand security
better than anybody and they don't want
to have murderers released into our
country they don't want it's very
interesting when I built you I built
massive amounts of the wall the wall was
incredible we built it and uh uh
hundreds of miles of wall and they
wanted it more than anybody because it
worked you know remember I used to say
two things work you know everything else
is obsolete after you do a new computer
in about three weeks it's totally
obsolete nobody wants it two things have
never been obsolete wheels and walls
Wheels work and walls work and you have
a lot of different things becoming
obsolete but the wheel in the wall the
walls work Harris wants to be the
president for criminals and illegal
aliens I will be the president for
law-abiding Americans of every race
religion color and
cre and it's no wonder the Democrat
Party and their thugs are so desperate
to stop us they know that we are the
only ones who can stop them we're the
only ones who going to be able to stop
them nobody else is going to be able to
stop these lunatics all of their
persecution of me is only happening
because I am running for president and
leading very big in all of the polls if
I wasn't running for president I could
be vacationing next to one of the many
beautiful oceans of the world as the
waves come in beautiful but but it's
boring I'd rather be with you figuring
out this mess figuring out this mess
that we've gotten ourselves
into we're going to figure it out we've
got it figured out
thank
Youk thank you very
much now we have two things we have to
do we have to vote and we have to make
sure that we stop them from cheating CU
they cheat like
dogs I don't know if you've heard but
the Georgia state election board is in a
very positive way this is a very
positive thing
marjerie they're on fire they're doing a
great job three
members Janice
Johnson Rick Jeff and Janelle King three
people are all pitbulls fighting for
honesty transparency and victory they're
fighting are they here where are they
where are are they where are they thank
you what a job thank
you thank you
wow but we have a couple of other
members that aren't so
good we have some that aren't so good
but these three are are really doing the
job because they don't want to see this
happen that will destroy our country
they just passed a rule for Georgia
elections requ requiring that three
people at each Precinct independently
count the total number of ballots before
certification who could be against that
who could be against
it thank you Janice very much that's
really amazing thank you all thank you
all those are great people I'd say brave
but I mean to you it's like that you got
to do what you have to do right it's not
like a question of Brave they said I was
Brave two weeks ago I I had to do what I
had to do it's not like Brave right it's
just we do the right thing
go thank you my courage was contagious
well your courage is contagious too
thank you thank
you
nice it's amazing people want it that's
what they want thank you
Janice that's great and uh those three
people are incredible let me give you
the bad news it's that for whatever
reason Brad
raffensberger and Brian
Kemp raffensberger and Brian Kemp your
governor who I got elected by the way if
it wasn't for me he would not be your
Governor I think everybody knows that
he's a very disloyal person isn't he
very disloyal but these two are doing
everything possible plus your attorney
general would like to see him show up
and do something right I mean look at
the look at the love and agulation and
Applause because this is like a poll
this is like a poll we have thousands of
people that's better than going out and
paying a half a million dollars to have
some pollster go out and poll 212 people
we look at this look at the love they
have for Janis that's what people want
they want to have honest elections and
they want to have strong borders you
know very
simple but your Governor Kemp and
raffensberger are doing everything
possible to make
2024 difficult for Republicans to win
that what are they doing I don't know
they got something in mind you know they
got a little something in mind camp
is very bad for the Republican Party he
wouldn't do anything you know we
have Bert Jones over here we have Bert
Jones all he wanted in the Senate was to
have a special resolution passed and it
was all done every Senator wanted it
every Republican wanted it and we have
Senator Beach here someplace too where
is Senator Beach oh I can't forget him
we can't forget him a warrior a warrior
you know that and many others in this
group but all they wanted was to have
just special we want to go over the
election we don't want we want to look
because there's too many things and the
governor wouldn't sign it and I knew he
would because I got him elected I sent a
young guy over to his office would you
please have him sign this and the kid
came back he said uh sir he won't sign
of course he will I got him elected give
me a break of course he will no he
wouldn't and then I said well go back
over tell them it's for me it's a good
thing not a bad thing they want to look
into possible election for wouldn't you
say senator that's a good thing right
they want to look into election before
it comes back sir I said it was for you
this was a few years later after I won
them the election don't forget I
endorsed him and you had a very good man
Casey Kagel your Lieutenant Governor he
was going to win easily and David Purdue
is David I love David but that was his
only mistake he said sir would you
endorse a friend of mine Brian Camp I
said who's Brian Camp he said he's a
friend of mine sir and sunny came too
this was probably the only mistake of
David's life that was a beauty David I
was thanks David I appreciate it and I
endorsed this guy he was like way down
on the list he was doing terribly and he
immediately you know my endorsement
means a lot and I'm very careful with it
and I endorsed him and he one in a
landslide and then he said I can't I
can't beat Stacy arram I can't beat her
she's going to be too tough and she felt
that too by the way she still feels it
you know she's constantly saying she won
the election she can say it but I'm not
allowed to say it I'm not allowed to say
it and Michaela I love you Michaela I'm
in love with
Micha please explain that to
Melania please explain that to our first
lady you're are
fantastic now you're you are a special
person but I endured him and then she
said I can't beat Stacy Abrams he said
that and his wife said it too I said
well you won the nomination so let's do
some big rallies and I did them out at
an airport massive rallies 55,000 and
52,000 there may have even be a third I
don't know I remember two monster
rallies and I said you're going to win
he said I don't think so sir I said no
you're going to win I'm telling you I
can tell the the vibe of the people I'm
like I think David 287 and0 in the last
12 months with endorsements people
respect my endorsement and I respect
them and I love them I love them
but so I had did these two big rallies
and he won he did win he won by like 2%
and his wife looked at me and said thank
you sir will never ever be able to repay
you for what you did you got my husband
the the
nomination and then we beat somebody who
was unbeatable you know she was in
theory unbeatable she was the hottest
politician in the country at the time
Democrat politician I would say I was
hotter because I was
President so I was hotter no I'm only
kidding margerie I'm only kidding
although maybe I'm not kidding actually
no she was like the hottest certainly
the hottest Democrat politician in the
country and she was going wild for years
she's still going once she can't even
believe but I got him by doing massive
rallies and I really worked hard he's
the most disloyal guy I think I've ever
seen but think of the wife we can never
repay you for what you've done Sarah we
could have never won and now she said
two weeks ago that uh I will not endorse
him because he hasn't earned my end I
haven't earned her endorsement I have
nothing to do with her somewhere he went
back bad and you know what your numbers
in Georgia are very average your crime
numbers your economic numbers all of
your numbers you're a very average you
can do a lot better and you'll do a lot
better with a better Governor you can do
a lot better just so you
understand but I don't want her
endorsement I don't want his endorsement
I just want them to do their job for
Georgia and you know what he's the
governor he ought to support his
Republican party because if he's not if
he doesn't have his Republican Party
I could tell you where he came from and
it wasn't good and you have a great
leader of the Republican party right
here stand up please he has done an
unbelievable job and he has to work like
hell with a governor that doesn't help
him and rensburg ought to make sure that
the vote is honest and they don't want
the vote to be honest in my opinion they
want us to lose that's actually my
opinion and we can't let that happen
because if we lose Georgia we lose the
whole thing and our country goes to hell
because we can't have her be president
of the United States she's grossly
incompetent we can't let that happen
they're the ones don't forget who got
fonnie Willis and her lover boy
boyfriend all jazzed up this guy the
governor the governor you know what
she's an embarrassment to the state of
Georgia he's the governor of Georgia he
ought to do something many many people
their lives have been forget about me
many people I'm used to it true I I'm
used to fake crap that goes on with
these politicians but many many people
their lives have been destroyed because
of fonny f a n i fny you have to
pronounce it fonny it's called Fanny you
have to pronounce fonny I don't know how
she get she should add a little u in
there someplace if she wants people to
call her now her and her lover
right lover boy
Wade she hired him because of experience
paid him almost a million dollars a year
for experience he's got great experience
he never did a thing like this in his
life he never he knew nothing about it
the only thing he knew about was
something else he knew about that that's
all he knew about he didn't know a damn
thing do you know him have you ever met
him uh yeah a couple of times you ever
see the phone records phone calls being
made at 3:00 in the morning like every
single night phone call phone call from
her
house and he said no not well I don't
know her well no and and this Governor I
assume I don't know he could straighten
it out because his state has become a
laughing stock over it and you know what
I love this state I won this state twice
in my opinion once once I won and I did
much better the second
time and Bert knows it and Beach knows
it and everybody else knows
it he could have ended the travesty with
a phone call because I did nothing wrong
and neither did all of those good people
that are being persecuted people in
their 80s they signed something you know
because they see what's going on I
guarantee if I took a vote of this
audience if I said what do you think I
won't I won't do that you know they'll
come and indict you if you say say that
right now they can say it Stacy Abrams
can say that she won the election is
fine but if we say we won the election
and we did that's not fine we can't do
it Hillary Clinton is still complaining
about the election even though she
called me up that night and conceded but
Hillary Clinton is constantly
complaining about it nothing happens to
her we have two sides of justice and we
can't do it anymore we have to get back
to making America great again we don't
have time for this
nonsense I mean fonnie wanted to indict
a certain US senator who had nothing at
all he's saying why are they calling me
I won't use his name because I don't
want to hurt him but they she wanted to
indict and somebody along the way
stopped her from doing it she had many
many more people she was going to almost
everybody that came into the state for a
visit but Kemp doesn't want to end it
because he's a bad guy he's a disloyal
guy and he's a very average Governor
Little Brian Little Brian C bad guy but
think of it I got this guy just think
and then that's it I got this guy
nominated I then got him elected without
me he doesn't get nominated and he
doesn't get elected he had no chance of
winning either one and all he had to do
is
signed something where the Senate would
like to look at election Integrity this
is an honest man that's an honest man
they were all honest they were looking
at something very legitimate and this
bad guy said I'm sorry sir I can't do it
I called him and I said Brian they're
looking at election Integrity is there
anything you can do I'm sorry sir uh I
can't get involved in that I said but
Brian you don't understand this is a
good thing not a bad thing I'm sorry sir
I can't get involved I've had you up to
here Brian I've had you up to here he's
a he's a bad guy and he's not doing this
country a good service people are
looking at Georgia with fonnie and her
lover and all of the other things saying
what the hell is going on in
Georgia what the hell is going on the
radical left Democrats rigged the
presidential election in 2020 and when
not going to let them rig the
presidential election in
2024 every time the radical left
Democrats marxists communist fascists
indict me I consider it a great badge of
honor I
do because I'm being indicted for you
you know my father and mother are
looking down they were great people
they're saying my son got indicted like
four times Al Capone didn't get indicted
four times he would kill you if he
didn't like your look if you looked at
him in the slightly that's a nice shirt
Scarface Al Capone the most evil man he
didn't get indicted like Trump I got
indicted for what I'm protesting an
election that was rigged this guy didn't
get indicted my father would say but
alons Capone didn't get indicted he
killed hundreds of people if he took you
out for dinner even you see you two guys
would you stand up with a magga black
please stand up please look at these two
guys who the hell is going to mess who's
going to mess with that magga
black magga black I love
them I like them better than you
Bruce now those are two tough cookies
but of alons Capone didn't like you
because you insulted him slightly at
dinner that was the end of you fellas I
have to tell and he didn't get like me
think of it how crazy is the world and
thank you for being here you're
good-looking guys better looking than
Bruce I'll tell you right now much stand
up
Bruce never forget thank
you but never forget our enemies want to
take away my freedom because I will
never let them take away your freedom
they want to silence me
because I will never let them silence
you and in the end they're not after me
they're after you I just happen to be
standing in their
way so I want to introduce a few
Warriors if I could please and they're
incredible people they really are you
know every night I do this where I get
in trouble because I'm always leaving
somebody out I'm leaving a congressman
out I'm leaving a guy it's brutal so I
end up going on the internet and
thanking him and I love him and all the
stuff or her
but you know it's always tricky but I
know these are people that are here and
I want to just thank them for joining us
your great lieutenant governor who's
really great Bert
Jones and his father is here you know
his father's a legend in you know he's a
legend literally in Georgia as an
incredible politician and then he he
left he didn't lose he left and he went
into business and he's been tremendously
successful he really is a legend his
name is Bill Jones does anybody know
Bill Jones Bill where is
Bill good I saw him backstage he's
fantastic representative Mike Collins
thank you Mike thank you very much thank
you
Mike thank you where is the preacher
that was back there talking to me where
is he
huh cuz oh he went with your father oh
your father's smart I always said that
stays with those preachers Rick Allen
and marjerie Taylor green thank you Rick
thanks Rick great job
Rick thank you
marjerie you know I've known marjerie
from the beginning and she's an amazing
political person I don't like to say
politician she's Beyond that she's
really loved and respected by so many
people and in Washington when she calls
they get very nervous oh please she's
fantastic so I thank you both for being
here appreciate it and a future
Congressman he'll be one of your best
he's been with me for eight years and
you know he always wanted to be a
congressman then his district opened up
and he said do you think I could do it I
said you have my complete and total
endorsement Brian Jack Brian Jack
great guy he's going to be a great
Congressman it's what he wanted to be
and he's he's fantastic you guys are
going to love Brian right Mar you're
also uh we alluded to him and talked
about him but I'm going to talk about
him very positively he was really a
great Senator he was a great man in so
many different ways he was respected
more than anybody I mean everybody
respected him in Washington very
successful business meant that he ran
for office a little bit like the Trump
schedule of events but he was really a
fantastic person in Washington somebody
that I was very close to David Purdue
David thank
you Doug Collins will you stand up come
on how good was this guy
that's
fantastic see I'm glad I spotted him I
would have been in big trouble if I
didn't mention him I'm glad you know
they give me a few names who the hell
writes these lists out these people
somebody's getting me in big trouble it
wasn't that way when I had Brian Jack
doing this I'll tell you I got lucky and
I I see somebody that I know very well
one of the truly great members of the
king of the Martin Luther King family
one of the great will you please stand
up I didn't see
you my friend from the beginning I would
have been in such trouble if I didn't
mention you I would have been in big
trouble thank you darling one of the
truly great
people and been with us from the very
beginning I would say right very
beginning thank you darling where am I
glad I'm looking over this audience I
don't like this I'm telling you this
would not have happened if ran Jack were
doing it which he did for many
years agriculture commissioner has done
a fantastic job Tyler Harper Tyler thank
you very much
fantastic thank you and John King
insurance and safety fire commissioner
John thank you great job John Labor
Commissioner Bruce Thompson
Bruce thank you Bruce Public Service
Commissioners Bubba I love Bubba
McDonald I love love I love that name I
want to change my name and Fitz Johnson
thank you both thank you
both and elv good they did have your
name down El I would have been in
trouble if I didn't pick but I picked it
even with and Richard Wood
superintendent of schools who I he does
a great job Richard thank
you thank you
Richard Pastor Benny Tate of the Rock
Springs Church Benny thank
you Bernie Carrick does anybody know
Bernie
Carrick uh where's Bernie stand up
Bernie he's the cleanest man in this
room you know that Bernie's a great guy
he was a great commissioner in New York
he's a fantastic man a well-known local
artist with a beautiful painting
artlanta where is art oh oh
wow that is
beautiful
wow that is beautiful I wasn't going to
bring him up then I saw the painting I
said come on up because maybe he'll give
it to me wow come on up that's okay
is that
good thank you very much
wow good that's a real
artist I I brought him up cuz I thought
he was going to give it to me he didn't
give it
to he just got me to sign it I didn't I
got nothing out of
that hey Michaela I know you spoke just
come up for a second come
here this young
woman I walked into I don't know what
the hell restaurant it was but I walked
into this restaurant and we do it very
quietly we don't announce and that's for
you know security person reasons
everything I walked in she's behind the
counter and and she didn't know I was
coming and she goes it's president Trump
she looks at me it's president Trump you
saved my
college and I said how the hell do you
know that she said you are this one is
so smart so sharp she grabbed me she
gave me a kiss I said I think I'm never
going back home to the first
lady you were supposed to keep that
quiet see now for the average politician
that's death for me I don't care
I just want to tell you you are an
unbelievable person with a great
personality you lit up the whole
room you lit up the whole room I
said Weeks Later I'd go who is that
person that was so incredible she knew
everything about me she had no idea I
was coming she knew everything about me
and you know the historically black
colleges and universities I gave
millions and millions billions of
dollars to they kept coming back and I
said why are you doing this we gave them
long-term funding and she knew that
because she said her college which was
she loved her college she said it was so
great right you loved it the illustrious
c yeah that's right she loved her
college and she said you saved my
college what was your college tell them
the illustrious Clark Atlanta
University
and and it was so impressive and I felt
so good because she really did she
really said I said did you like the
college he said no I loved that school I
love that college and that's what it's
all about but you are an incredible
person I think you have a tremendous
future I really do and I'll do whatever
I can to help you okay thank
you thank you very much great you want
to say something else you know I thought
I was
done but I do want to add on to some of
the remarks that were made by others and
we do need to do our best to get the
message out there the fight is nothing
if all we do is talk about it amongst
ourselves so with that being said since
you said you'd help me Shameless plug if
y'all need anybody to knock doors make
phone calls wave signs get people out to
the polls call me at conserve the
culture cuz not only do I mobilize the
HBCU students so that they may get this
message but I'm the best person when it
comes to Black engagement in the black
community and nobody needs this message
more than my folks so do y'all care for
real are y'all with us for
real conserve thee. comom for any and
all inquiries y'all can follow me at
Miss kayb baby I'mma give it back to Big
T and last thing make sure you guys tune
in to my podcast dropping soon on The
Patriot prayer Network thank you
all she's great thank
you that's that's a great person great
woman thank you very much thank you very
much from the moment we take back the
White House from kamla and crooked Joe
and his crooked is a $4 bill I believe
we're going to have the four greatest
years in the history of our country
country starting on day one we will end
inflation and make America affordable
again we're going to make it affordable
again thanks to kamla Harris's
tiebreaking vote here in Atlanta you
suffered the highest inflation of any
city in the country last year good job
Governor great job Governor under kamla
the typical Georgia family has lost
$28,000 in inflation and to inflation
hikes to bring down the prices of all
Goods we will stop the Biden har war in
American Energy we will American energy
is such a big deal we will drill baby
drill we'll get that number down we'll
bring Energy prices down everything else
will float with it we will terminate the
green news scam and I will end the Biden
Harris Electric Vehicle mandate right on
day one it will be
ended we will pass massive tax cuts for
workers and that includes no tax on tips
michaa to further protect Georgia
workers I will revoke China's most
favored nation's trade status I will
pass the Trump reciprocal trade act if
China or any other country makes us pay
a 100 or 200% tariff we will make them
pay a reciprocal Tariff of 100 or 200%
right back you hurt us we hurt you it's
an eye for an eye
we'll take in a fortune and they'll stop
doing it before I even arrive at the
Oval Office shortly after we win the
presidency I will have the horrible war
between Russia and Ukraine settled and I
will prevent and I'm the only one that's
going to do it 100% will prevent World
War II which is very close to happening
I will restore peace through strength
and in my next term we will build a
great Iron Dome missile defense Shield
over our country a dome like none other
like nobody has ever seen before and it
will all be made in the USA and much of
it will be made in the great state of
Georgia and I will not cut one cent from
Social Security or Medicare I kept that
promise four years ago and I will keep
it again and seniors will not pay taxes
on Social Security
we are going to rebuild our cities into
beacons of Hope safety and Beauty better
than they have ever been before we will
take over the horribly run capital of
our nation in Washington DC and clean it
up renovate it rebuild our capital city
so that it's no longer a nightmare of
murder and crime we're going to stop the
murder and crime you go down from your
state you end up getting mugged murdered
in our Capital it'll be run tough and
Strong by our great police officers but
rather we will become the most beautiful
Capital anywhere in the world I could
say again but it's been so badly run for
so long I almost don't want to say again
on day one I was signed a new executive
order to cut Federal funding for any
school pushing critical race Theory
transgender insanity and other
inappropriate racial sexual or political
content onto the show shoulders of our
children and I will not give one penny
to any school that has a vaccine mandate
or a mask
mandate and I will keep men out of women
sports if that's
okay if kamla Harris gets in the
travesty that is taking place at the
Paris Olympics will come to America when
we host the Los Angeles Olympics and by
the way which I was President we happen
to get it I was the president I also got
you a thing called the World Cup which
is coming very
soon I might as well say it myself
because nobody else will say it but I
got them both and you're going to have a
lot of fun with it I hope Harris is a
radical trans activist and she is the
candidate of letting men beat up women
in the name of Tolerance but you look at
what's happening over in Paris it will
never happen here I will never let it
happen
I will get all males off your daughter's
soccer teams and volleyball teams and
get them out of your locker rooms once
and for all that's going to be cleaned
up and we will fight to make sure that
the LA Olympics protects women and
protects
girls I will fully uphold the Second
Amendment and we will protect innocent
life and we will restore free speech in
our country we don't have free speech
any longer
and very importantly I will Su and this
is so to me so important what we've been
through in this country I will secure
our elections our goal will be one- day
voting with paper ballots proof of
citizenship and voter
ID but until then Republicans must win
we want a landslide that's too big to
rig too big to rig if you want to save
America get your friends get your family
get everyone you know and vote vote
early vote absentee vote on the election
day do whatever you want but you have to
vote and if you want to help us ensure
election Integrity please sign up
protectthe vo.com protect
thee.
so in
conclusion from Marietta to mon from
Savannah to Columbus from Augusta to
right here in Atlanta we inherit the
legacy of red-blooded American Patriots
who gave their Blood Sweat and Tears to
defend our country and defend our
freedom we stand on the shoulders of
American Heroes who crossed the ocean
settled the continent tamed the
Wilderness laid down the railroads
raised up those great big beautiful
skyscrapers one two world wars defeated
fascism and communism and made America
into the single greatest nation in the
history of the world
but now we are a nation in Decline we
are a failing Nation we are a nation
that has lost its confidence lost its
willpower and lost its strength we are a
nation that has lost its way but we are
not going to allow this horror to
continue less than four years ago we
were a great nation and we will soon be
a great nation again
with our leadership every disaster kamla
Harris and Joe Biden have created can be
fixed and it will be fixed very quickly
every problem can be solved and every
wrong can be rectified by this time next
year America's borders will be strong
sealed and secure inflation will be in
full Retreat our economy will be roaring
back it's going to be roaring back
optimism will be surging the American
dream will be thriving again for
citizens of every race religion color
and Creed Law And Justice will reign all
throughout our land Freedom will be
restored the flame of Liberty will be
burning bright Joe Biden and kamla haris
the worst Administration in the history
of our country will be a fading memory
of the past and our great silent
majority including the once forgotten
men and women of our country will be the
on shaping America's magnificent future
when I am the 47th president of the
United
States because we are all Americans and
together we will show November 5th to be
the most important day in the history of
our
country We Are One movement one people
one family and one glorious Nation under
God and together we will make him