# CNBC's Rick Santelli's Chicago Tea Party\n# Channel: The Heritage Foundation\n# Upload Date: 2009-02-19\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zp-Jw-5Kx8k\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:03:19\n\n================================================================================\n\nRick Santelli and Jason Roni of Sharma
capital are standing by at the CME Group
in Chicago and Rick have you been
listening to this conversation listening
to it I've been just glued to it because
mr. Ross is nailed it you know the
government is promoting bad behavior
because we certainly don't want to put
stimulus for it and give people a
whopping eight or ten dollars in their
check and think that they ought to save
it and in terms of modifications I'll
tell you what I have an idea you know
the new administration's big on
computers and technology how about this
president and administration let's put
up a website to have people vote on the
internet as a referendum to see if we
really want to subsidize the losers
mortgages or would we like to at least
buy cars and buy houses in foreclosure
and give them to people that might have
a chance to actually prosper down the
road and reward people that could carry
the water instead of drink the water
Rick there's a novel idea hey Ricky
like putty in your hands did you hear
they're not gel they're not like putty
in our hands this is America how many
you people want to pay for your
neighbor's mortgage that has an extra
bathroom and can't pay their bills raise
their hand we all stop paying our
mortgage it's a moral hazard houstab
mansions and and a relatively decent
economy they move from the individual
and collective now they're driving 54
Chevy's maybe the last great car to come
out of Detroit they're driving them on
water too which is a little strange to
watch hey Rick how about the notion that
Wilbur pointed out you can go down to 2%
on the mortgage we go down to minus 2%
still have 40 percent and still have 40
percent not be able to do it so why are
they in the house that why we trying to
keep the mr. summers is a great
economist before I'd love the answer to
that one Jason
tea party in July the Lake Michigan
derivative securities mayor Daly is is
marshalling the the police right now
Jason are you nearby can you hear the
Terry I am but I don't know you're
directly behind me so it's gonna be
tough to follow that clearly we're gonna
debate the world issues of what
government is and is not doing for for
some years to come I mean it's in parent
even for traders it's it's the market
gets up and down a significant amount of
stay just on what one government may or
may not do or 10 points or so in the SP
on the idea that core Europe may have
some bank stability plan so you know the
the traders market the uncertainty the
market will continue until we get
through this process of weekly
government plans you know Rick one of
our producers says if roland Burris
steps down man
senator Santelli the junior senator from
Illinois it's a possibility I'm just do
you think I want to take a shower every
hour the last place I'm ever gonna live
or work is DC if you raised any money
for Blago no but I think that somebody's
gonna have to start raising money for us
hey can you do that one more time just
hit the Bob behind you again I look I
have the camera pull way out way out
everybody and listen I don't think
you're it you can't just do it at will
can you right I mean you have to say
something yeah do it well let's see
listen all's I know is is that there's
only about 5% of the floor population
here right now and I talk loud enough
they could all hear me so if you want to
ask him anything let me know these guys
are pretty straightforward and my guess
is a pretty good statistical
cross-section of America the silent
majority
that's so silent yeah that's right so
Rick are they opposed to the housing
thing to the stimulus package to
everything out there you know they're
pretty much of the notion that you can't
buy your way into prosperity and if the
multiplier that all of these Washington
economists are selling us is over one
that we never have to worry about the
economy again the government should
spend a trillion dollars an hour because
we'll get 1.5 trillion back we're gonna
congratulate you on your new incarnation
as revolutionary leader