# JD Vance at Butler, PA rally: FULL SPEECH\n# Channel: FOX 4 Dallas-Fort Worth\n# Upload Date: 2024-10-05\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=09-OxDxP6W8\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:30:19\n\n================================================================================\n\nwhat an amazing amazing crowd what an
amazing day and my friends in 31 days
this State starting with Butler is going
to turn red and we're going to send
Donald Trump back to the White
House I so proud on this historic day to
welcome president Trump I know he's in
route right now he should be here in
about I don't know a half an hour or so
but it is
this community this community has been
so good to me and president Trump this
community is so strong and so resilient
and my friends we are so proud to stand
here in Butler Pennsylvania ready to
take back the White House ready to take
back this
country now 84 days ago of course on
this very very field an assassin tried
to fill our hearts with
Terror but we're here to
say we can't be intimidated we cannot be
stopped we won't be denied we will make
America great again and we're going to
do it together
now my friends I I know you'll join me
in saying we're going to remember July
13th 2024 forever many of you were here
and it is a testament to your courage
and your patriotism that you're here
again
today now you heard the shots
you saw the
blood we all feared the worst but you
knew everything would be okay when
President Trump raised his fist high in
the air and
shouted fight
fight now I believe as sure as I'm
standing here today that what happened
was a true Mar
ir and on that
day America felt the truth of scripture
though I walk through the valley of the
shadow of death I will fear no evil for
you are with
me I truly believe that God saved
president Trump's life that
day and I believe that God is with us
right now and watches over this
incredible Nation every single
day now there there are so many people
here so many people we're honored to
have it would be impossible to name all
of them I see the great Shawn Parnell
over here Shan you're a hero man you
were here on that
day we're joined by many First
Responders elected officials and other
distinguished guests and As We Gather on
these grounds once again my friends we
especially thank God for the two great
Americans who were wounded and survived
in July that's David Dutch and James
copenhaver God bless you
guys now we pray for their full and
complete recoveries and we're honored
that David and his family were able to
join us today let's give a round of
applause to David God bless you and God
bless your family
but our hearts are heavy with sadness
knowing that there's one hero who's not
here with us today and that's of course
the great Cory
comori GL Glory Glory Glory GL
well never going to for forget Corey
we're never going to forget his heroism
that day and I want everyone to join me
right now in sending our support our
respect our love to the comor family
here with us today we love you guys
thank you so much for joining us thank
you for loving this country and thank
you for not giving up on it
now after the heartache of that day our
nation hoped to turn a page we hoped
that our opponents would remember that
before we are Democrats or before we are
Republicans we are
Americans but sadly our opponent have
not heeded Abraham Lincoln's words and
listened to the better angels of our
nature even after that terrible
assassination attempt that took one
man's life and nearly took many others
they continue to use dangerous
inflammatory
rhetoric the media has continued to call
Donald Trump the guy who actually won
his primary a threat to democracy
a Democrat Senator called Donald Trump
an existential threat to our
democracy kamla Harris said that he was
attacking quote the foundations of our
democracy and I think I you all will
join me in saying to kamla Harris how
dare you talk about threats to democracy
Donald Trump took a bullet for democracy
what the hell have you
done the truth is that kamla Harris and
her allies they attack Donald Trump in
order to silence us we the people they
have declared war explicitly on the
First Amendment to the United States
Constitution KLA Harris proudly says she
wants to censor the internet and Tim
wall said there is no guarantee to free
speech what do we think about
that but we all know my friends we all
know that censorship is only the first
step just look at everything they've
done to president Trump first they triy
to silence him when that didn't work
they tried to bankrupt him when that
didn't work they tried to jail him and
with all the hatred they have spewed at
president trump it was only a matter of
time before somebody tried to kill him
and that's exactly what happened not
just here in Butler Pennsylvania but
just a few weeks later in
Florida three weeks ago while these guys
still go out there and attacking him as
a threat to democracy another gunman
armed with an AK-47 style rifle tried to
finish the
job in fact before the gunman in Florida
tried to kill Donald Trump he wrote
quote democracy is on the on the ballot
the exact same words that kamla Harris
wrote after accusing Trump of being a
dictator only days before the first
attempt on his
life but for all those watching at home
and for all those who might be undecided
In This Crowd though there probably
aren't that many undecided voters In
This
Crowd I I want to say you know what's so
incredible you know what's so incredible
it's how Donald Trump responded to all
of this cuz despite being shot here in
Butler president Trump immediately
called for National
unity and I'll never forget my friends
what he told me after the second
assassination attempt it was probably
the first person that he called that
Sunday and I was sitting at home with my
son in Cincinnati and he said JD they
tried to do it again I said' they tried
to do what sir he said they tried to
shoot me again and at first I was in
disbelief I did I think immediately my
thoughts went to him and how he was
doing of course he was physically okay
because he was calling me but I said sir
are you doing okay and of course
president Trump and his president Trump
way said yeah I'm doing fine you know
I'm a little pissed off because I was
about to make a dir Birdie on the sixth
hole and they wouldn't let me finish
but it made me think it made me think
about the leadership qualities we want
in a president of the United States and
so I'd like to ask you who would you
rather have facing down Vladimir Putin
and Xi
Jinping
someone someone who is afraid of
interviews with the friendly American
Media or someone who faces down two
assassins and returns triumphantly to
the very place that he got shot
now some of you may seen that I had a
little debate with Governor walz a few
days
ago and I have to admit I'm maybe the
only person in Butler Pennsylvania that
feels that way but I feel a little bad
for Tim walz if I'm being honest with
you because Sam wals has to defend the
indefensible he has to act like kamla is
going to drive down inflation bring up
wages and bring back jobs and restore
peace the very peace that she destroyed
well I hate to break it to you Tim but
everyone knows the truth kamla caused
every single one of those problems
because kamla's day one in the White
House was 1,400 days ago never let her
lie to you and pretend that she's going
to do something great she's been in
power for three and a half years and she
hasn't done a damn
thing and I you know I I hate I hate to
say it but K's record of failure is
somehow only getting
worse just a couple of days ago I
visited an area of our country ravaged
by Hurricane
Helen the Appalachian region of Virginia
and we know the Appalachian region of
this country has been left behind and
ignored by a generation of American
leaders but what started out as a
natural disaster is becoming a man-made
disaster when Appalachia was underwater
remember President Biden was sitting on
a beach and kamla Harris was at a San
Francisco fundraiser that is not
leadership that is a
disgrace and now we're seeing reports
that deployments of the military and the
National Guard are moving at a snail's
pace my friends who the hell is running
this country right now because it sure
isn't Joe Biden it sure isn't KLA
Harris the Harris Administration has
given billions of dollars to foreign
countries and illegal aliens
but now they swoop in and they promise
$750 to American citizens who have lost
everything to everybody watching to
everybody at this rally I want to say I
Promise You When Donald J Trump is back
in the white house we're going to have a
president that puts America
First we're going to ensure that
emergency funding goes to American
citizens and not illegal
aliens we're going to create record
Prosperity with low inflation and Rising
take-home
pay we're going to secure that southern
border stop the drug trafficking and
send illegal aliens back home where they
belong we're going to drive down the
cost of housing drive down the cost of
gas drive down the cost of groceries and
we're going to clean up our streets to
make America safe
again and whether we agree or disagree
with you we will always defend your
god-given right to speak your mind
without fear of censorship violence or
persecution but to everybody struggling
I want you to know that though our
country has yes been through some hard
times over these past few year few years
I want you to know that help is on the
way we have think about this the most
generous people the most abundant
natural resources including some great
energy right here in the state of
Pennsylvania we've got the hardest
workers we've got the best values all we
need to restore American greatness is
leadership that is fit to serve this
country so more than anything I'd like
all of us to leave this incredible
Community with a message of Hope because
I honestly believe that what happened
right here in Butler is a metaphor for
the United States of America in this
land we may get knocked down but we get
right back up and we keep fighting
because in America hope is never
lost we may face enemies who seek our
demise our destruction and even our
death they may try to crush our Spirits
they may try to convince us that Victory
is impossible but in America nothing is
impossible and as long as that flag yet
waves and I see it's doing it today
there is no trial we cannot endure no
obstacle we cannot overcome and no
defeat we cannot turn into
Victory on this field at this exact spot
nearly 3 months ago we thought president
Trump was going to lose his life but God
still has a plan for him just like it's
he still has a plan for the United
States of
America we this Movement we have so much
left to accomplish and After the Dark
Nights of trial when the Sun rises again
our flag is still going to be there and
nothing will stop the United States of
America
so I want you all I know he's not he
he'll be at it in just a little bit but
I want you all When Donald Trump comes
out here to give him a true Butler
Pennsylvania welcome because with Donald
Trump as our leader we are going to take
this country back we're going to make
the American dream affordable again and
it's going to start right here in the
great state of Pennsylvania God bless
you Butler thank you for having me and
we are going to take this country back I
love you