# Ron Paul on the  Global Financial Crisis\n# Channel: fagan411\n# Upload Date: 2008-09-18\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d73KlhUq1W8\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:16:35\n\n================================================================================\n\nhello today we had a lot of financial
fireworks in the markets uh a lot of
things are going on and I think we are
in the middle of something going on
that's very big it doesn't look like
it's going to end real soon uh today uh
the Federal Reserve came in and offered
$85 billion to buy AIG and um it looks
like it's never going to end they're
talking about the next company whether
it's Morgan Stanley or whatever already
we bailed a uh Fanny May and Freddy Mack
and uh Layman went bankrupt and then of
of course Bear Sterns had a bailout not
too long ago and we're talking about big
bucks we're not talking about hundreds
of millions or even hundreds of billions
now we're talking about trillions of
dollars the obligation is immeasurable
nobody can measure it and uh the uh
derivatives markets uh very much
involved nobody knows how much you're
involved but all I know is they're
starting to unwind and that is why all
these Banks and investment companies are
in such big trouble
and uh the only thing they can resort to
is coming coming to the federal
government coming to the Federal Reserve
and asking for a bailout the interesting
thing is like today coming up with this
$85 billion they don't come to the
Congress I mean the Federal Reserve buys
them out they own it we we as taxpayers
now own Fanny May and Freddy Mack and
nobody knows how much that'll cost that
could be that could be into the
trillions of dollars so they don't come
to Congress we don't have Appropriations
it's done by secret government private
individuals behind the scenes
maneuvering and manipulating and trying
to patch things up but of course in the
meantime I'm sure there's a few people
making a couple bucks out of this whole
thing today uh in foreign affairs
committee we had a bill come up uh was
considered insignificant it was uh only
only a billion dollars and it was to
send uh Aid humanitarian Aid uh to
Georgia and um there was some debate on
it which was fortunate but about 25 of
the committee members didn't even show
up for the vote is going to be put on
suspension believing that they'll get
2third vote very easily and they said
well it's humanitary and we need to help
him and yet that is such a controversial
issue going on and to me it's just a
disaster to pump more money into Georgia
stirring up trouble conf uh provoking
Russia trying to uh uh reignite the Cold
War all these many many things but
financially speaking we don't have a
billion dollars I mean where are we
going to get it they try they're going
to appropriate and authorize this money
but they're they're not going to raise
taxes in the next few months to pay for
this and uh they'll probably have to
borrow it or you know get it from the
Federal Reserve some way you know just
monetize some debt and and and get more
money but with all the problems that we
have we have in this country the
infrastructure in this country we're
still going around the world looking for
more problems so in a way this
casualness on how we spend a billion
dollars overseas in foreign aid for
humanitarian purposes which in reality
is uh Military Support uh for that
government who's supposed to uh in in
return protect an oil uh pipeline in
that country and even this bill actually
stated that it had something to do with
the pipeline so uh this this this to me
is is just uh you know a symbol of how
serious the problem is that this is not
even event and yet the whole cold war
with Russ with Russia now they rest
stirred up again at the same time our
financial markets are collapsing today
the market was down 450 points a couple
days ago down 500 points gold I mean
finally people may got some sense and
and said hey this can't help the dollar
when they bailed out fny May and Freddy
Mack the market this was in in collusion
with the Chinese because the Chinese
were getting worried because they held
so much of these Securities so we had to
bail them out as well to protect our
dollar so uh the the Chinese government
and the American government were in bed
together and the immediate reaction
there was there was a tremendous boost
in the dollar but that had to be
temporary because you can't create money
like we're doing and in order to support
the dollar because ultimately it hurts
the dollar and everything we do in in
this in Washington today whether it's on
the appropriation side whether what the
FED is doing uh buying up America is all
putting pressure uh on on the dollar and
uh one of these days we're just going to
have to wake up and say that uh we need
to liquidate debt this is malinvestment
our problems come from the fact first
they start with the Federal Reserve the
Federal Reserve is a monopoly and it
controls interest rates artificially low
causes people to make mistakes that's
the basic Source but then on top of that
in the housing market what we had we had
the community reinvestment act which
told investors that they had to loan to
risky uh Borrowers and that was a
complication HUD contributes to this
FDIC contributes to this it's called
moral hazard everything that we have
done over here creates moral hazard that
is we assure people or assume that we'll
take care of everybody just go out and
take the risk it's the opposite of the
marketplace and then they have people
come along and say see this is the
failure of capitalism this has nothing
to do with capitalism this is something
that started off as interventionism and
us being too involved D in the economy
for the benefit of special interest but
now it's being socialized out in the
open I mean we the taxpayers now own the
mortgage companies the insurance
companies and we're going to own a lot
more if uh our car companies need bail
out believe me it's going to happen
they're not going to let all our car
companies go broke either but this will
come to an end the end of this comes
when people reject the dollar and I
think we're getting awfully close to
this uh when when you see the movement
we're seeing in the markets today we
know that there are are serious problems
out there and Congress basically are
oblivious they have no idea what's going
on matter of fact I'm not even sure the
federal ner Federal Reserve has any idea
what to do about this uh they've been
manipula and maneuvering for their
benefit over the years but eventually
the market wins out and right now I
think the market is uh is is saying that
this is so serious and so big that we
better be prepared and the reason why
this is so important if we care about
people in a humanitarian sense what you
want to do is protect their value of the
money just think of the third world
Nations when they have total runaway
inflations the middle class gets wiped
out and today what we're seeing today is
the middle class being uh jeopardized by
this uh a type of system we have of
unlimited spending unlimited debt
unlimited creation of new credit so it's
time that we wake up matter of fact I
think a lot of people are waking up and
starting to realize this but also
there's a lot of people starting to
panic
but the answers are there the answers
are in the free market and sound money
in our constitution so if we did that we
could solve these problems but so far we
haven't seen very many people resorting
to going back to the basics the basic
principles of the marketplace capitalism
and our constitution