# State of the Republic Address Part 1 of 3\n# Channel: CongressmanRonPaul\n# Upload Date: 2010-01-21\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nQts21QiKTQ\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:23:41\n\n================================================================================\n\nas we start the new year 2010 The
Establishment politicians economists and
Wall Street are trying to convince
themselves that we have turned the
corner and economic growth has once
again begun the predictions that
conditions are getting back to normal
come from those who never saw the crisis
coming and don't have the vaguest notion
what caused it some of them concede that
it could be a jobless recovery that will
establish a new definition for a
recovery official unemployment is at 10%
but even the government knows that if
everyone is counted including those
individuals that are too discouraged to
even be looking for work the
unemployment rate is
177% free market economists claim the
actual unemployment rate is closer to
22% there's reason to believe that the
correction is just barely started and
has a long way to run if the financial
bubble came from excess credit created
by the Federal Reserve doubling the
money supply can hardly be a solution
it wouldn't make much sense for a doctor
taking care of a very sick patient from
severe infection to deliberately give
the patient another infection yet that's
what the PHD doctors are doing to our
very sick economy it can't
work it will make the economy much
sicker if our leaders don't wake up soon
the economy will be brought to its knees
great danger lies
ahead in foreign policy it's always
crucial that the motives of those those
who would do us harm are understood
denial of the truth and accepting more
politically pable excuses will guarantee
that threats to our safety will continue
as we pursue a seriously flawed
involvement
overseas it's the same in Economic
Policy if there's denial or ignorance of
the real cause of financial Bubbles and
the inevitable Corrections that must
follow the economy cannot be
re-energized we should have learned the
lesson from the depression of the 1930s
that it was a predictable result from
the Federal Reserves orchestrated
excesses of the
1920s instead the newborn kees and
Economist who took charge made certain
that the correction would not be a one
or two-year Affair as were the previous
Corrections in our
history the aggressive intervention by
Hoover and Roosevelt the Republicans and
the Democrats turned a short recession
into a Great Depression which lasted
until the end of World War
II the real tra was that the
interpretation of the 1930s
institutionalized bad economic
theories unfortunately and erroneously
the Depression was blamed on the gold
standard free markets and a lack of
regulations though monetary policy was
analyzed its importance was 100%
misinterpreted the low interest rates
and excess credit of the 1920s driven by
the Federal Reserve policy was not
considered a factor in producing the
stock market bubble and the Mal
investment
instead the 1930s analysts and even
later analysis by Milton fredman and the
monitor along with academic Scholars
like Bernan came to an opposite
conclusion the Fed was at fault but only
because it was too tight arguing that
massive monetary inflation was the only
answer to the slumping
economy and now we are witnessing a
grand experiment by the very person who
for years claimed special knowledge
regarding ing the depression chairman
Bernan is in the midst of trying to
solve the problem of massive monetary
inflation and excessively low interest
rates instituted by his predecessor Alan
Greenspan by implementing even more
inflation at historic
rates the sad part is the answer to his
very risky experiment with the wealth of
our country and the health of our
economy will take years to analyze the
conclusions will be just as flawed as
they were in the aftermath of the Great
Depression by an intellectual and
political community that had totally
rejected commodity money and the
principle of free markets with the
current understanding in Washington one
hope though is that free market thinking
and Austrian economic theories will have
greater influence in the next decade or
two since their influence is now on a
dramatic
upswing but there are a lot of hurdles
to overcome in the 1930s in an effort to
find the true cause of the crisis
Congress ordered an official
investigation it became known as the
pakora investigation named after
Ferdinand pakora the aggressive Chief
counsel of the hearings it received a
lot of public attention and brought
about many major changes but tragically
every conclusion made and new policies
implemented caused the depression to
worsen and legitimatized bad economic
theories that continue to haunt us to
this day
the Federal Reserve was not blamed
except for not putting enough money fast
enough artificially low interest rates
and malinvestment the main source of the
grossly distorted economy and a bubble
of the 1920s were
exonerated not enough regulations were
blame thus the glass steagle Act and the
Securities Act of 1933 were passed and
deepen the recession separating
commercial and Investment Banking and
the newly created SEC were to have
solved all future problems as long as
the Fed was free from any restraint in
its money
creation operations which were sent
there to serve big government Spenders
and members of the banking cartel since
the flaws in the monetary and economic
system were not corrected but made worse
after the Depression it was to be
expected that periodic booms and Buss
would persist the longer these Cycles
could be peppered over with new money
and credit the greater would be the
distortion and debt that would one day
have to undergo a major correction