# ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ Donald Trump | Full Speech at MAGA Rally in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania (July 31, 2024) [LIVE]\n# Channel: MAGNO NEWS LIVE\n# Upload Date: 2024-07-31\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YA7Pi8F1I7s\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:44:23\n\n================================================================================\n\nwow
wow well thank you very much everybody
it's a great crowd there a lot of people
over 20,000 people couldn't get in and
we didn't need anybody to get the people
here we didn't need a star we didn't
need a
star we didn't need some Entertainer to
fill it up and then she goes on last
night in about six minutes everyone was
leaving they were pouring out we don't
need that we've got our star you know
who the star is all of you people are
the star are you the
star and I mean that hello Harrisburg
a very special hello to Pennsylvania I'm
thrilled to be back in this beautiful
Commonwealth with thousands of crow
hardworking American Patriots thank you
very much as you know this is my first
return to Pennsyvania since our rally in
Butler we're going back to Butler too by
the
way people said to me are you serious I
said I'm serious we're going back to
it's a great place 18 days ago where we
had a very terrible day we had a rough
day I will tell you by all accounts I
should not be with you today I shouldn't
be with you but I am I want to thank all
of the people of Pennsylvania for their
extraordinary love and support it is
incredible we're going to win this thing
so big we're going to win it big
including everyone at Butler Memorial
Hospital they were fantastic
wow wow they
they saw some pretty bad
things thank
you thank you very
much no they uh they did an amazing job
and we have by the way we have the
doctor one of the great doctors was
there he worked on Corey actually was
Corey had a hard time
Cory Cory is special thank you Doctor
appreciate it very much great great
doctors great doctors the job they did
and David Dutch and James copenhaver was
just incredible and uh as you know they
brought them back from very very
seriously wounded they were going to be
uh maybe not with us it was a group of
us but they uh are doing really well now
they're making it they're going to be
fine not going to be perfect maybe but
who is who is as we get older who is
perfect but uh the doctors were so great
they had two great doctors also and most
of all we lift the memory our memory to
the brave firefighter who was so cruy
taken from us Corey comparator Cory
comparator a very brave guy loved by his
family and his friends he was really
loved in his last act on this Earth
Corey threw himself over his wife and
daughters and died shielding them from
the bullet the bullets of a very
disturbed guy Corey is a hero to all of
us to all of us
I want to thank a friend of mine too I'm
not going to mention his name because
he's pretty well known and he came up to
me he said uh would it be okay if I
presented Corey's wife and family with a
check and I said yeah it would be okay
with me it's certainly okay and he
handed me a check for $1 million $1
million think of
that thank you Dan
so he was very
generous in addition we have a GoFundMe
that's uh it's really been great I think
we're at $6 million Mark for the the
three of them plus some other
people
so but you know what Corey's wife said
I'd rather have my husband isn't that
good I know a lot of wives would not say
that I'm
sorry they would not say that but no
it's a great family he was a great man
he was a brave man he saw what was
happening and he jumped on top and he
got hit but uh we will carry Corey's
Spirit of love and devotion and
patriotism with us for all time and we
will never forget Corey or his beautiful
family and maybe let's have a brief
moment of silence in memory of Corey
great
Pennsylvanian thank you very much thank
you
everybody beautiful that is the most
quiet I have ever heard in
Arena I have never heard you could hear
a pin drop no it's amazing it's a
beautiful thing in the wake of this
hadous attack We Gather tonight more
determined than ever our resolve is
unbroken and our will is undeterred
nothing will stop us on our mission to
make America great again nothing's going
to stop us our country is doing badly
front row Joe's over
here front row Joe's look at them
they've been to 212
events you know I'm pretty sure we have
their vote I'm not sure P you can never
be sure of anything you're voting for
Trump okay front row Joe's they love us
and we love them thank you very much
thanks
everybody but as we're fighting to bring
back the American dream for you and your
family the radical left Democrat Party
bosses have installed a puppet candidate
to fight only for
themselves kamla Harris got zero
votes she's totally scripted owned and
controlled by the donors and the power
Brokers who created her campaign and who
rip off our government and make billions
and billions of dollars they want to
call them up and they want to they want
to deal with her and I didn't deal like
that I never dealt like that I didn't
need the money I said no I don't want to
do that I told a lot of guys that I like
and some guys that I don't like but very
rich people I just can't do that I can't
do it they want to do the telephone
systems they want to do lots of little
things like that we'd like to take over
the telephone system of the United
States I'm sorry I can't do that but
unlike her I cannot be born and I cannot
be controlled I have no interest in
that my only loyalty is to you the
people and you know
that I could have had such a nice easy
life I could be at a nice place right
now relaxing watching the waves breaking
but I'd rather be right here in
Harrisburg with
you people that built our country yeah
the people that built our country I mean
some people don't like saying that but
you are indeed the people that built the
country we have no matter where we go we
have the most incredible people after
lying to the country for years about Joe
Biden's mental and physical condition
kamla is now being given a personality
makeover don't forget four weeks ago she
was like considered the
worst not
smart terrible the worst vice president
in history he's the worst president
we've ever had but they were considered
terrible and all of a sudden she's the
new Margaret Thatcher that happened
right the great Margaret thater no I
don't think so but you're going to
you're going to learn little things like
defund the police that doesn't work does
it huh you're going to
learn cuz everything about kamla Harris
roll out it's phony and it's fake did
you see when President
Obama and Michelle called did you see
hello oh hello yes yes who is this oh
this is Michelle and Barack oh oh so
surprised to hear they got four cameras
in front oh I'm so surprised it's on
speaker
phone listen we just want to
congratulate you on destroying Joe Biden
I mean on the winning the hey is Joe
Biden G was that the phoniest phone call
you've ever seen
how do you think Dan what do you think
Dan muser great Congressman what do you
think was that a phony phone call you
wouldn't do it you wouldn't get away in
your District you wouldn't get away with
it would
you but she's a defund the police
radical trying to pass herself off as a
tough on crime prosecutor she wasn't
tough on crime she's only tough on guys
like me because they want to go after
their political opponents and we won the
big case in Florida did you see we won
it and he
and he had a similar case but it was
much worse and he didn't have the
presidential records act he had a
similar case and you know the special
counsel which is basically special
prosecutor adjudged him to be
essentially mentally
incompetent with poor memory but a nice
old guy he's not old you know 81 is not
old I have friends that are 95 that are
still Bernie Marcus founder of Home
Depot 95 years old still sharp still
sharp I spoke to him the other day I
said I think you're smarter now than you
were 30 years ago I don't know what's
going I said what's going on it's
working every 81 is not all and uh but
he's different he's a he's a bad 81 he's
a bad 81 and he's ruining he destroyed
he's destroying our country I'll tell
you and she's worse than he is she is
actually worse than he is because she's
a real radical left he's a foldy radical
left didn't believe this stuff he didn't
believe in open borders and she does she
wants to open your borders she wants to
have all electric cars she loves the O
electric car mandate she destroyed San
Francisco but she's the architect of the
Border Invasion trying to pretend she's
strong on border security she's now
pretending that she was never called the
bordar she was called the bordar the
first day she's the borders are and uh
she never went she actually went you
know they'd say they fact check me
anything I say is like a little she
actually went to a beautiful part of the
Border I would love to take my first
lady wife there to have dinner it's
beautiful very safe now she didn't go to
the real border did she Front Row Joe
she went she went to a nice little place
was there for a short period of time and
left so she's never really been to the
border and she's the borders are and our
country is being invaded with people
from prisons and people from mental
institutions and terrorists she's a
failed vice president leading a failed
Administration while trying to convince
you that she represents hope and change
well she does represent change she wants
to turn us into a communist country
that's her
change she was voted the most unpopular
vice president in history that's hard
for a vice president to be that
unpopular right just like Biden will go
down as the single worst president in
the history of our nation the happiest
man is Jimmy Carter he's an old guy
right now he's an old guy but he's happy
because his administration is considered
brilliant brilliant by comparison to
This Disaster that we have right now in
Her speech in Atlanta last night kamla
Harris even tried to out brand a new
southern accent did you hear a new
accent if I ever did that all of those
people back there look at am look at all
those
cameras
that's oh when I go through hell I have
a week of hell have I ever tried to do
that the contrast could not be more
Stark on the one hand you have a radical
left puppet candidate who is fake fake
fake and on the other hand you have a
president who will fight fight fight for
America
this is a hell of a big arena how many
CES this looks like Madison Square
Garden this is a big this is a big
beautiful place
wow I didn't
care I didn't care although they'd
prefer that we'd be in an arena I don't
know
why but we're not giving up the outdoor
rallies you know all those people that
we had to turn away today at an outdoor
rally you can have we had 17,000 people
show up in New
Jersey 107,000
but you know in the South Bronx we had
25,000 people was like a love fell South
Bronx tough place but it was a lot of
love no matter how much kamla Harris
tries to change her image she cannot
change this fact she is the most extreme
liberal candidate in the history of our
country by far she's an extreme radical
left
lunatic and you know I've been saying
for the last six months I've been saying
about politicians cuz I really know
politicians well I've dealt with them on
both sides and you know then I said
let's do this you know thank you
but when a politician comes out early on
with an idea like she wants to defund
the police and all these other things
she wants to do really bad things that's
where they're at they're going to be
there eventually right Mike Kelly stand
up mik we you please this guy he used to
stand up he's my friend he endorsed me
on day one right day one day one he
endorsed me before I was
running he said that guy's got to run I
Endor him I didn't even run I had how
many endorsements do I have well you got
Kelly of Pennsylvania I wasn't running
anyway thank you Mike I appreciate it he
would he would stand out at those
outdoor rallies when it was 10Â° below
zero and it was 97Â° out without a shirt
on it's not that pretty a
site not that pretty pretty but he would
have he had no fear he's a tough guy and
they love him they love you in this
state camela Harris co-spon said Bernie
Sanders $32 trillion socialist takeover
of the entire US Health Care System
think of this us healthc care it would
mean that we're going to have to raise
your taxes bankrupt our country and she
supported Outlaw all of the Private
health insurance a lot of people in this
room have great some people want Private
health it's some of it's incredible you
go to these companies they're doing an
incredible job they want to be able to
she wants that band and she wants that
outload you can't buy that anymore
you're paying for it but it's great
stuff I mean some of the companies have
unbelievable the golden plans and all
that and uh she wants it to be ended she
pledged to give free taxpayer funded
Health Care to all illegal aliens think
of
that oh and she'll do that which will
totally destroy our social security
system she sponsored a bill to give
illegal aliens taxpayer funded lawyers
so they could sue
us and she called for abolishing ice
these are unbelievable Patriots by the
way they're almost as tough as our
Congressman sitting in the front they're
almost as tough as the man that's going
to be your next Governor by the way he's
tough too he's tough he's a great
military
hero and he'll come up
I'm allowed to have him up for a little
while right just a couple of minutes
right he's
great he's great and I hear you doing
very well but you get ready you get it
ready you're got to knock them dead she
compared ice agents to members of the
KKK she likened border patrol agents to
practitioners of human
slavery we have a lot of those great
people here tonight like Brandon Jud the
head of the Union Paul have so many
different people and they didn't like
that analogy too much he voted in favor
of deadly Sanctuary cities numerous
times she supports open borders that's
all you have to hear I think two words
you know they say Sir go down a list we
have a list of 25 things all you really
have to say is two things open borders
defund the police the rest is all but
you know although she is going to kill
Social Security because by putting all
of these illegal aliens into Social
Security it's dead it's dead she opposes
even saying the words illegal alien and
radical Islamic terrorist she backs Mass
amnesty Mass amnesty and citizenship for
all illegal she supports mandatory gun
confiscation would anybody
mind Mr Congressman would they mind uh
having their guns ripped out of their
arms as they enter their house or their
apartment
I don't think so I don't think she said
that 70 to 80% tax rate is quote a very
bold idea something that we have to
discuss very seriously she likes it and
you know all my life I watch politicians
and they've always said we will reduce
your taxes we will reduce your taxes we
will cut your taxes they want to give
you a tax increase of five times what
you're paying now how the hell do you
get elected this country is so screwed
up everything's backwards we want open
border we want taxing how do you like to
be a politician we want open borders we
want tax increases we want all electric
cars so that you can go 15 minutes
before you charge it
up and for all the congressmen that are
here in the Midwest they
built eight
charging stations now you know what that
is that's like a gas pump with
electricity coming out of just a
charging terminal
cost $9 billion did you hear that Mike
did you hear that Scott oh you said he's
another tough we got tough congressmen
here these are these are tough cookies
these Pennsylvania guys wow look at that
we're going to introduce them in the
second
Scott so they spent $9
billion on eight charching stations two
of which never
worked I don't think any of them were
she wants government intervention to
slash consumption of red meat they don't
want red meat that means they don't want
your cows get rid of your
cows we like does anybody would anybody
like to keep red meat raise your
hand you know think of it borders and
electric mandate and all of the things
red meat all how the hell do you get
elected right you know how they got
elected by cheating they get elected by
cheating because nobody they want to
raise your taxes by five times oh please
vote for me I'm going to raise your
taxes five times
higher but the red meat is to fight
climate change okay climate
change she supports ending cash Bell to
immediately release criminals upon
arrest they kill somebody no bail don't
worry about it no cares you don't have
you just killed three people no let's
let them out in Harrisburg it's a
wonderful place and in 2020 she
personally eared urged her followers to
donate money to bail out the violent
riers get them right out of jail
including murderers you know what that
was all about right in Minnesota which I
think we have a good chance of winning
hasn't been won since 1972 by a
Republican and we're leading Tom emmer
is going to bring that one home they
tell me he's going to bring it home this
November the American people are going
to reject kamla Harr is dangerous
liberal extremism and a massive
Landslide we're going to too big to rig
right too big to rig too big too big to
rig we're not going to let her turn the
United States into a communist San
Francisco Colony we're not going to let
it happen that's what they want to do
they want to destroy our country she's
the worst she was a bad da long before
you had your da long before you had some
of these Das that you have as you know
in Philadelphia in Pennsylvania but in
Los Angeles all over the place all over
the place you have bad da you have
radical
left horrible Das that are funded by
Soros and others and they're weak
they're just weak on crime they don't
mind if somebody murders somebody they
don't want them to go to jail you can
kill somebody now our country is sick
the mindset of our country is sick and
we're not going to let her do to
Pennsylvania what she did to California
she destroyed San
Francisco one of the best cities in the
world and it's in
tatters so she's a liberal from
California she ruined the state she
ruined this great one of the greatest
cities in the world you know 15 years
ago a great friend of mine Bob Tish
great guy who's an owner of the New York
Giants and a very smart guy wonderful
guy too maybe even longer a little
longer than 15 he said San Francisco is
the best city in our country and today
it's a disaster just a disaster he
passed away quite a while ago and he
would look down and say what the hell
happened to that City but he thought San
Francisco was one of the greatest he
thought Chicago was one of the greatest
you know
Chicago on July 4th weekend had 117
shootings and 17 people died think of it
h this is not even believable when you
hear about Afghanistan and the horrible
job that this President did with
Afghanistan a low point but they don't
have they don't have anything like
that in one of the most astoundingly
phony moments in Her speech last night
kamla Harris bragged at quote I will
proudly put my record against Donald
Trump's any day of the week I will put
it against Donald
Trump this this got one of the worst
records in anywhere well comma let's go
challenge accepted are you ready let's
compare our record Point by
point I can't believe I'm doing you know
the the weird thing I mean two weeks ago
I was talking about
Biden I didn't even know her name nobody
did Kam hello
beautiful I didn't even know her name
Kamala I heard she was a rotten bordar
that's about all I knew about her her
only job was the border and she never
went there but two weeks ago three weeks
ago it was all about Biden then I kept
hearing they were going to steal it from
him and I said you know it's hard to do
because I understand when you have the
delegates he had all the de he had 100%
of the delegates he had 14 million votes
I said you can't really do it but then
they threatened him very strongly they
said you're incompetent and we're going
to get you out he just won you know no
they happened to be right he was a
governor but these are Minor Details no
he just won he had all the votes and he
could have said no but he was afraid and
he's an angry man right now here's the
big question I have will he be invited
to the Democrat National Convention will
he be invited Mr Congressman I don't
know now we will because I'm mentioning
it if I didn't mention it he would not
be invited but now they have to invite
him
but you know what's crazy the craziest
thing so you don't mind if I go off
teleprompter all the
time it's such a shame I have these
great speech writers they really are
Ross andin they're great they're the
best speech writers and I you know I
hardly speak about this but I could read
the most gorgeous speech but you may be
bored to
tears no it's they're beautiful the
words are beautiful everything's great
the sun will rise the moon will set the
oceans will
glisten I say that's beautiful but I'm
not sure that Harrisburg wants to hear
that stuff what do you think Congressman
what do you think doctor I don't think
so no they are great but I tend to I
tend to go off about 75% of the
time but you know the hard part is that
3 four weeks ago I was talking about
Biden he's incompetent he's a horrible
president is the worst president in the
history of the country now I say she's
the worst vice president which is true
she's considered the worst she's the
most unpopular vice president in the
history of the country she did a
transformation you know the Press is
very corrupt you know that they gave her
a
transformation like Houdini that was a
Houdini like that was a magic trick but
don't worry she's going to fall because
it's not about him or her it's about the
policies they're the same and they're
horrible right but they gave her so you
know it's sort of like I don't know if
anybody
watch UFC as an example do you watch it
right Dana White the great Dana White
did you see him he introduced me the
other he introduced me the other day at
our convention we had the greatest
convention in the history of politics in
my
opinion thank you Milwaukee and
Wisconsin and the arena was beautiful it
was an unbelievable but Dana White
introduced me and he heads up UFC he's
done an incredible job but it's almost
like you're having a fight between two
guys and one guy is getting beat up bad
then he goes to a debate right the
debate didn't work out too well how did
the debate work out for him I don't
think so good Scott the debate didn't
work out exactly good then he tried to
recover from the debate by going out
every day and it got worse and worse was
a basic disaster but it's like having
two fighters and the one guy is getting
beat up really badly really and they say
all right stop the fight come on out
I'll put a new one and that's what we
have here kamales is the new fighter who
cares under my leadership we achieved
the most secure Border in US history you
know that cuz you didn't have people
sleeping on your loan all
night we ended Catch and Release we
stopped Asylum fraud
coal we got remain in Mexico remember
that one you think that was easy to get
I call up the president of Mexico friend
of mine he's a socialist but still he
was a friend of mine he gave us many
many thousands of troops to guard our
border while we were building the wall I
built hundreds of miles of wall and then
they didn't want to finish it up which
could have taken place very quickly but
think of it but you know we got remain
think of it remain in Mexico that means
you can't come into our country you have
to remain in Mexico till you get
approved of which very few people got
approved you think that was easy that
wasn't
easy negotiated historic safe third
agreements which are complex I won't
waste your time but they were great with
Central American nations built 571 miles
think of that a border wall we're going
to add another 200 far more than I said
I was going to build and it was working
it was working it was good we had the
best illegal immigration nonf flow I
call it we had they don't they were
having a hard time also drugs were
weighed down human trafficking was weigh
down it's human trafficking in human
trafficking in women mostly you know it
sounds ancient human traffic it sounds
like something from a thousand years ago
but it's as big a business in a sense is
the drug business and the reason is
because of the internet the internet
made human trafficking a very very big
and horrible business they traffic in
women they put them in the trunk of a
car they put them in the back seat and
they close it up and they you can't even
breathe and they bring them they bring
them across the border we had knocked it
down cold and now it's at a level five
times greater than it ever was before
nobody's there to check nobody's to look
at the car nobody knows who's there
who's in it but you can see it on a
certain chart that I have you know this
chart saved my
life where is
that I I love that
chart I'm going to sleep with that chart
for the rest of my life that
chart that
chart you know the amazing thing you
know the people that operate the the
computers and all the brilliant
equipment we have
backstage she said to me she's great
she's great she should come out just
tell her to come out here for a second
quick quick quick quick you got to get
her out she's never done this
before she saved my life life in a sense
I said you saved my life here she
is
wow
wow
hi no she's a computer genius
she saved my
life no so you know the Sor is open but
that chart I only used it probably less
than 20% of the time so in other words
we do the rallies and stuff sometimes
I'll pull it down sometimes I won't
because I do things a little bit at
random while I'm up here hello look at
that big fellow back there but I do
things a little bit at random but two
things about the chart it's always on my
left which means I'm gone it's always on
my left if it was on my left I have Mr
Governor Mr future Governor I have no
chance because it would have been
perfect perfect hit and it's only used a
little bit and I always use it at the
end of a speech I never used it early in
fact she were saying today it was so we
were really sort of flabbergasted
because you called for it at the very
beginning of your speech and that chart
I'm so proud of it now I like it much
more than I liked it
before but see the arrow in the bottom
that's the lowest level of illegal
immigration in the history of our
country
recorded
and that was the last week of my
presidency Mike so that was the last
week and look what happened to our
country after that and those are now a
little bit old because if you look on
the right it's a little bit old those
numbers are much higher they right now
would go off the ceiling and that's why
happened to our country in a short
period of time three and a half years
but look at that number and look at that
Arrow so anyway much more importantly
right now I say I'm talking about
illegal immigration real I said you know
what pull up the chart pull it up and
they weren't ready because but they're
so good and I said wow that was so quick
there's nobody over here except for this
lunatic and because the crowd was
massive as far as the eye could see as
far cars I mean that's why I love those
outdoor sites because you don't have to
send 20,000 people back home and I hate
to do that they come out and they want
to get in and then you get the seats
would anybody like to give up your
seat I thought you were nicer people
than that in
Pennsylvania anyway
so so I I say chart and I go like this
and the
chart so a couple of things she she told
me today
she said you know the amazing thing is
you always call for the chart at the end
of the speech not the beginning so that
was one factor that's crazy it's always
on your left not your right it happened
to be on the right this time I don't
think I've ever seen it on the right and
various other things and if I'm here
it's over if I'm here it's no good if I
had to be exactly because he was exactly
where that very beautiful woman in the
white is Right stand up that's exactly
and my
son said that's not a long distance 100
I don't know so much about shooting
other than I'm very good for the Second
Amendment I can tell you but I don't
know so much about
J but I know about sports I know about
gol he said that's like sinking a twoot
putt dad that would be the equivalent is
that right he actually said might be
less than that because some people can't
sink a two foot putt like Biden I would
say
Biden Biden can't say but but that's
like sinking did anybody see the Bry and
dambo thing did you that was cool we had
a good time he's a great guy great young
athlete so all these things and you know
then you figure what are the odds that
that happened right where you're just
you're literally exactly there you
hadn't made the full turn but that chart
will always be my world's most favorite
chart for a lot of reasons number one is
that day in Butler Pennsylvania and
number two is look at those numbers that
was the lowest number of illegal aliens
that we've ever had so it really was a
very important uh that was a very
important thing it was done by border
patrol now let's examine the record of
bordar
Harris she inherited the strongest
Border in US history and immediately
turned it into the worst border
nightmare in the history of the world
there's no country in the world that's
ever had a border like this I think the
real number is 20 million people maybe
more
nobody knows you know you have a thing
called Goda ways we have millions of
Goda aways meaning people that weren't
caught they got away upon taking office
Harris and Biden stopped wall
construction halted all deportations
protected Sanctuary cities ended remain
in Mexico and our Asylum cooperation
agreements which are very important and
allowed a gigantic invasion of our
country bringing in millions and
millions of illegal aliens
at levels never seen before now actually
other than that I thought she's doing a
very good job right she's done a
wonderful job she's the worst ever and
she's going to be your president you'll
she will destroy our
country this November the American
people are going to compare these
records and they're going to tell Bazar
Harris you have done a horrible job
you're a disgrace to our country you're
fired get out of here you're fired
get
out get the hell out of
here but Camala is protected by the fake
news they're trying to delete everything
she said hey did you ever see the
unselect committee the unselect
committee on January 6 did you see where
they went and deleted and destroyed all
evidence was deleted and destroyed so I
think Dan you and all of my friends
here they should be indicted for that
they destroyed evidence you know why
because the evidence showed that we were
innocent the evidence showed that Nancy
Pelosi should have had protection at the
capital that I offered her and they
turned it down the evidence showed that
all these stories were fake including me
wanting to grab a big strong secret
service agent around the neck think of
think of this think of this I'm in a car
I say fellas I'd love to go down to the
capital sir we don't think it's good
because you know you're very exposed
there it's all that's okay I said you
don't think we could no so I said all
right where do you want to go we'll go
back to the White House that's the
experence this one person had me getting
extremely upset how to get upset when
somebody smart says sir you probably
better and nothing was Happ just people
were walking down remember patriotically
right right
right
so they had me coming from the back of a
car now these guys are very strong
they're young and strong not as strong
as me but they're
strong and I grabbed the one guy driving
and he's got arms he's got arms like
this I grabbed him and I was
rebuffed and then I went over to the
right and I think he's like a world
champion karate guy right like a very
tough cookie Bobby his name is Bobby
that's all I know but I know him well
it's a good guy and I grabbed him around
the
neck and I began to twist and turned and
he was in tremendous pain because of the
power
of trump tremendous
pain and then I went back to the White
House and I started throwing hambur
burgers at the wall this is the story
this
person so they went to the Secret
Service they found out it was
all
everything all made up it was just made
up which most people I mean honestly
most people would think that you know
think of me grabbing these two strong
tough guys that's what they do the one
guy said you know if I ever if somebody
ever put their arms on him he is trained
automatically to go with his fingers
like that you know just what he's
trained I me I like other things better
personally I'd like to run the country
better that's what I'd like to do you
know they're good with the finger
they're good with their fingers into the
eye the fingers into the eye and you
have a tendency to immediately let go
and and get a towel and start crying cuz
it hurts they say oh that hurts no this
it was all made up stuff you know it was
all made up stuff but wouldn't you think
it is I mean who would believe Trump was
so angry he grabbed the one guy who is
rebuffed did he grab the other one
around the
neck these people are sick who would
believe it but probably some people do
even if it's five people but no but some
people would believe it you know they
hear it they deleted everything because
the stories turned out to be false they
deleted everything Nancy Pelosi turned
down 10,000 troops or National Guard if
we had 500 you wouldn't had a problem
and what you never see is the crowd the
crowd was in it was the largest crowd
I've ever spoken before and a small
portion walked peacefully and
patriotically down to the capital you
remember the term peacefully and
patriotically he's horrible it's
Insurrection you know if you have an
Insurrection you don't say peacefully
and patriotically right Mike you say
let's go no they're these are really bad
people these are crooked people and then
her daughter you saw that about a month
ago her daughter taped her saying that
it was her fault the day their daughter
is a
cinematographer I'm sure Nancy's
thrilled they just released a tape where
Nancy is saying this is my fault this is
doing the thing because she didn't
accept my offer she said this is my
fault I could have stopped this now
she's trying to say well she didn't
really mean that uh no these are these
are bad people they're trying to delete
everything that she said over the last
think of that this is on Cala it's no
difference over the last 10 years that's
controversial or bad it's like the fun
the police the fact that she was given
authority over the border that you know
they're trying to say that under no
circumstances was she even in charge of
the border and the fake news is trying
to delete everything are you seeing
what's going on they're trying to delete
everything
thing but you know it's a wonderful the
internet is wonderful in certain ways we
have every single copy of every article
but they're trying to delay
it under crazy kamala's policies you
know when I got hit everybody thought I
was going to be a nice guy and they
thought I changed remember just before
the Republican convention and and nobody
thought I'd be there you know it's not
great to be there when your ear is
slightly
throbbing let's go to the convention
darling to the first lady let's go uh
but I I got there next day I left right
and it was the greatest convention
but
but and it was like a convention like no
other it was a convention that we were
all so proud of but they all said Trump
is going to be a nice man now he came
close to death and I I really agreed
with that for about eight hours or
so and then I realized they were trying
to put me in prison for doing absolutely
nothing wrong they went to judges who
are crooked judges they went to judges
who are fake they had prosecutors who
were Democrat radical lefts and always
in areas where it's like 3% Republican
or or less and I said you know these are
bad people so I was nice for about what
would you say Dan 3 four 5 hours and
then I said these are bad people we have
to win this battle and you know what
they're going to become nicer when we
win but we're going to have to win I
believe to make them reasonable because
they are crazy they are crazy under
calist policies criminals rapists and
vicious gang members are pouring in from
South America Asia Africa the Middle
East from prisons from jails from mental
institutions and s Asylum you know s
Asylum is a step above right this is oh
they go crazy when they want to try and
say he's cognitively impair you know I
stand up here for two hours and I speak
without a mistake but when I say
Hannibal Lector they say why does he
keep mentioning because Hannibal lecta
was a serious psycho right he was
Silence of the
Lambs Dr Hannibal Lector he'd like to
have you for dinner see the man with the
w stand up look at this guy he's here so
much he's great he's great he's he's a
trump voter I don't think we have to
worry about him do we he's a trump voter
all the way but Hannibal Lector would
like to have you for
dinner but these people are now in our
country and they always you know
actually it's quite clever I think but
you know what do you do but they're
always saying like he mentions Hannibal
Lector it doesn't make sense no it makes
a lot of sense they're coming into our
country and they're coming in from in s
asylums which are closing all over the
world it's not just South America
because we have the worst people
representing our country they laugh at
the stupidity of these people all over
the world they're coming from the Congo
in Africa 22 prisoners right out of
Prisons from the Congo and Africa not
just South America meanwhile our crime
rate is going up how about what they say
our crime rate's going down we just had
117 people shot you could take just
Chicago and the whole nation's congre
crime rate
look these
are bad people they're phony people
they're Liars they cheat on elections
they do a lot of bad things and we have
to win this election because crime
statistics are a
disaster they're made up by people that
work in the White House and obviously
the crime is getting worse because we
have probably 20 million people in our
country right now and every single day
you read about one of these horrible
monsters from Parts Unknown who raped a
young girl killed her cut him up use his
knives not guns because it's a slower
death these are monsters and we have
them in our country and we're going to
deport them at a level like nobody's
ever seen we're going to get them the
hell out of our country and they're
going back to the country from which
they
can because we have become a Dumping
Ground for the world and we're not going
to take it anymore we're going to get
rid of these liberal lunatics like
Cala just yesterday it was reported that
more than 1,000 members of The Savage
Venezuelan gang trendy
aray are plotting to conduct Ambush
attacks on police and law enforcement in
the United States all the while Harris
and Biden sit in the White House and try
and figure out who's Dumber they sit in
the White
House think of it massive massive
numbers of Venezuelan gang members now
Venezuela is very smart they sent them
into our country and then you read that
crime is down 72% in Venezuela which it
is on Sunday in a separate incident a
Venezuelan illegal alien criminal let in
the Border by our bordar Harris shot
female police officer in Texas you read
about it multiple times with a rifle
thankfully the officer is perhaps going
to survive they don't know yet but
probably but most victims are not so
lucky in Texas last month 12-year-old
Joselyn
Nary was tied up sexually assaulted and
strangled to death by two illegal aliens
who Biden and Harris released into the
United States if bordar Harris stays in
charge every single week will bring
NeverEnding streams of illegal alien
rapist bloodthirsty killers and child
predators to go after our sons and our
daughters and our wives and our
husbands they're letting horrible people
into our country they're poisoning
they're poisoning our country by
contrast if I am elected on day one we
will begin the largest deportation
operation in American history
and we will immediately Deport all of
the criminals that bordar Harris has
allowed to enter our country they'll be
deported but no comparison of our
immigration records would be complete
without considering the terrorists that
this crazy borders are of ours is
letting into America can by the way can
anybody imagine her as in all friends we
want to be politically correct and all
that great who cares can anybody imagine
her dealing with President she of China
who's a fierce
individual fierce
person you know she was sent to deal
with Putin to keep him from invading
Ukraine which by the way he would have
never done if I were president Israel
wouldn't have been attacked he would not
have attacked
Ukraine the recent hits on Israel
wouldn't have taken place we wouldn't
have had
inflation you wouldn't have had that
horrible disaster in Afghanistan none of
these things would have happened would'
be respected again now we're laughed at
all over the world they're laughing at
us when I was President Terror watch
list encounters at the border reached
one year and I don't believe it it was
done by border patrol and Ice they have
one year where was Zero they said and I
I don't even believe that myself but you
know what I'll take it because the
charts are usually the other way
zero and then after and it was part of
that that we just looked at but we had
zero terrorists reported coming in and
2019 I believe the year was
2019 zero so let's say it was 10 or 20
now it's thousands of people coming in I
never believed the zero but I'll tell
you we'll take it but assuming it was 10
15 20 thousands and thousands of
terrorists are pouring into our country
under Camala Harris thousands of terrist
have been let right in right in and
according to news reports the Biden
Harris Administration has absolutely no
idea who they are or where the hell they
come from just come on into our country
but you're going to be finding this out
you're going to have to be think you're
going to have a migrant crime statistic
that's going to rival anything that
we've ever had and the only thing good
about these people they're very tough
people they come out of those jails and
those prisons and those mental
institutions the only thing that is
really good about them is they make our
criminals look like very nice people
it's true our criminals that we used to
fear we don't fear anymore doctor
they're like nice people compared to the
people that are coming into our
country no candidate who would knowingly
keep the Border open as terrorists pour
across it can ever be trusted to be
commanded in Chief you can't do it can't
let her can't let it happen if she
becomes your president and I think worse
than Biden I think worse than Biden and
he's gone he's
shot but if she becomes your president
our country is finished I'll tell you in
Pennsylvania your beautiful Commonwealth
it's always good when you remember it's
a
commonwealth he would call it a state
offen remember when Biden used I used to
love this guy cuz you were on pins and
needles watching him speak you know
when's he going to blow it and it would
always happen remember he finished the
speech and he couldn't find the stair
go and then these handsome men would run
up and grab him and help
him and every time I imitate it the
first lady tells me why why do you keep
doing that because they keep saying you
can't find the stairs off the you know
you've only got about nine stairways off
the podium but unlike KLA Harris I will
keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell
out of our country we're going to keep
them out going to be safe going to have
a
safe fact is four years ago we were
respected like never before I would say
like never before we were respected by
China by Iran look at Iran Iran is going
wild now aren't they you know Iran was
broke when I was President they didn't
have money to give to Hamas they didn't
have money to give to Hezbollah you see
what's going on now with Hezbollah now
you're going to end up in a world war
you're going to end up in a third world
war pretty soon with this with this guy
between Ukraine and Russia and the
stupidity with where I will get that
negotiated and ended before I ever take
office I'll do it after the election as
President
elect in addition to her atrocious
record on border security KLA Harris
would also obliterate Pennsylvania's
economy you know about that she's
against fracking she's against oil
drilling she wants everybody to have one
electric car and share it with the
neighbors Harris has stated repeatedly
that she supports quote Banning frackin
I ban fracking I will ban it on my first
day now she's denying it remember a
politician always goes back to what
their original thought was right and she
co-sponsored the $100 trillion green
news scam designed to abolish the oil
called and natural gas Industries
entirely we have more Liquid Gold under
our feet than Saudi Arabia than Russia
by far and under me we took it from
fourth place and third place we took it
to first place by a lot we were energy
independent soon to be energy dominant
we're going to make so much money we're
going to pay off debt and reduce your
taxes still further now you can't do
anything with these
lunatics under a Harris presidency 423
3,000 Pennsylvania job are linked to
fracking that all be demolished she's
against fracking she's not going to
allow you to Frack she's not going to
allow you to frag and the only reason
they're allowing it now you know they
cut it way back that's what caused the
inflation and then he opens it up again
back to the Trump days he opened it up
to the same because it's similar because
he wanted to try and get reelected they
didn't know his party was going to
overthrow him it was a coup this was a
coup of a president he will be famous he
will more famous for the coup than the
bad job he's done okay but this was a
coup of the president of the United
States this was a like a South American
you know you read about South America
every week they have a coup and they
also do the attacks on political
opponents by the way your economy would
take a $ 41 billion hit this is
Pennsylvania gutting billions of dollars
from your state and local budget
slashing funding for your schools and
police forces and plunging Pennsylvania
into severe economic depression enjoy it
look if they get in your state is
screwed your state is you guys are
screwed good luck everybody have a have
fun in Congress Mike but I will never
let that happen but you don't need to
take my word for it alone K is
anti-American energy Crusade let's just
listen to her now she's a totally oh no
I
fracket let's just see what her video
says she had it taped just a little
while ago let's go will you commit to
implementing a federal ban on fracking
your first day in office adding the
United States to the list of countries
who have banned this devastating
practice there's no question I'm in
favor of banning
fracking
okay if I said that nobody would believe
it so uh and that's where she is she's a
radical person who destroyed San
Francisco and she'll destroy the country
just like she did California and San
Francisco she was the leader of that
pack that destroyed San Francisco it's
not only Gavin nusum Gavin
nusum he's another Beauty oh we're doing
great in the state everyone's leaving
we're doing great the state's doing
wonderfully they do have wonderful
weather and it's a beautiful place but
it's overridden with crime he's doing
such a terrible job he's a con man you
know I watched him in the great Sean
Hannity Show and he was in saying like
uh no the state's never done better
never done it's all a fake it's all lies
the state is a disaster they're moving
to Texas Florida Tennessee they're
moving to a lot of North Carolina South
Carolina when we win this November we
will end the Biden Harris war in
American Energy and we will end their
terrible war on fracking fracking is
incredible the money you make in
Pennsylvania you could quadruple your
taxes if you if you lost that industry
you could quadruple your taxes the
policy of the Trump Administration will
be to drill baby
drill
right right I will also terminate the
Biden Harris Electric Vehicle mandate on
day one and save the US Auto industry
from destruction we are going to rebuild
our Auto
industry and the United Auto Workers are
mostly going to vote for me but you know
they have a head of the United Auto
Workers who's a fool he's giving our
Auto industry to China by allowing this
electric mandate to even be thought of
and again I'm all for electric cars is a
certain little section that wants to
have electric I can understand that but
it's a small section they want to have
gasoline powered cars they want to have
hybrids and they're going to have that
they don't want to stop every 15 minutes
minutes they refused to stop and I have
a friend of mine got a electric car and
he was used to driving from Kentucky
great state to Washington and he drive
and you know he'd drive it that would be
it now he's driving it he had to stop
six times he said what the hell is going
on he thought it was good for the
environment it's not good for you know
he's a idealistic kind of guy I think
I'm going to do something good for the
environment he got rid of that thing so
fast your head would spin and it's great
if you want to go to the candy store and
back then you plug it in in your
garage it's no wonder the Democrat Party
and their thugs are so desperate to stop
us they know that we are the only ones
who can stop them the only ones you know
this is a movement make America great
again this is a movement the likes of
which no country but our country has
never seen before mega
mega no country has ever seen anything
like
it remember when Biden would get up we
will stop Maga he had no idea I said Joe
do you know what it means no not
really no it means make America great
again we don't want to stop
it all of their persecution is only
happening because I am running for
president and leading big in the polls
oh if I wasn't I wouldn't have any of
these law
oh they wouldn't be suing me cuz I'm
breaking their ass also they wouldn't be
suing me and they're doing this because
I'm running and I'm leading and I'm
leading by a lot we're leading by a lot
in this state by the way in this
Commonwealth we're leading by a lot in
our
Commonwealth the radical left Democrats
rigged the presidential election in 2020
and we're not going to allow them to rig
the presidential election of
2024 we're not to allow it to
happen and every time the radical left
Democrats marxists Communists and
fascists indict me I consider it a great
badge of honor thank you very much cuz
I'm being indicted for you did you like
my mug shot did you like the mug shots
lovely my father's looking down my
mother and father they're looking down
cuz they're definitely in Heaven they
made Heaven they're great they're
looking down they said I can't believe
my son took a mug shot this is
unbelievable but it's the number one
selling mug shot in history it beat
Elvis and it beat Frank Sinatra did you
know that Frank Sinatra had a big one
did you know he got arrested for
something and I think Elvis had a fight
at a gas station or something but Elvis
was one Frank Sinatra is to and I'm
proud to admit and I'm proud to tell you
that you have made mine bigger than both
of them by a lot it's the biggest
selling mug shot ever and I still
haven't figured out whether or not I'm
happy about it I'm not sure in one way
I'm thrilled in another way I'm not sure
I like it never forget our enemies want
to take away my freedom because I will
never let them take away your freedom
which is true they want to silence me
because I will never let them silence
you and in the end they are not after me
they're after you I just happen to be
standing in their way and I will
continue to stand in the
way I will always be
here I'll be here I don't know I'm
getting tired of protecting you but I
love it we're going to protect you we're
going to
go and soon you won't need protection
because soon you're going to have a
great country again it's true you won't
need protection the country will protect
you
but think of it I say this to I got
indicted more than Al Capone the great
Al Capone can you imagine Al Capone
Scarface the meanest man you've ever met
I have him beat but we're pleased to be
joined today by some fantastic
Pennsylvania Patriots friends of mine
incredible people starting with the next
US senator from the Commonwealth of
Pennsylvania David MC foric he's
incredible he's a come up David come up
here come he's a military
hero and
honestly you know you're Senator I don't
think I ever met him in four years
nobody knows who he is so weirdest thing
it's almost like how do they keep
getting elected you got to elect this
guy he's a war hero he's a national hero
he's a brilliant man he went out he made
a fortune and all that stuff that's a
good thing not a bad thing it means he's
smart right do we agree mei's smart you
guys didn't make that much but you're
very smart
anyway but David has been a friend of
mine he's an incredible man and
respected all over the place and you
know you have one chance to get a guy
like this in a lot of people after
watching my experience they're not doing
this anymore are they so I'd like to
introduce Dave McCormack a great guy
hopefully he's going to be your next
Senator you're going to win and you're
going to win big
David thank you thank you than thank you
thank you president Trump thank you so
much all of you and listen in
Pennsylvania we know Mr President this
is the most important election of our
lifetime we know it and we also know
that this is Ground Zero which is going
to put you back in the White House and a
majority in the
Senate right here sir right here in
Pennsylvania and I want to welcome you
back to Pennsylvania after Butler we're
so glad you're here sir thank you you
thank you for being
here and I want to say what you all know
which is this is an incredibly important
choice because we have can continue to
have the failed horrible policies of
Biden Harris and Casey and I say Casey
because he votes 98% of the time that
destroys our economy open borders the
fentanyl crisis crime the war on fossil
fuels but it only gets worse it only
gets worse under Harris Casey it only
gets worse and that is why we need
strong leadership Common Sense
leadership and when I go on the campaign
Trail Mr President the thing I hear that
people want most is strength and I tell
them listen I'm a combat veteran I'm an
army
wrestler and when I was standing there
in Butler and saw those uh bullets
flying and I've seen people get shot at
before and you came up and put that fist
in the air and said fight fight
fight I said to
everybody that strength that's what we
need for America that's why we're going
to win on November 5th God bless this
Commonwealth
wow wow
that's great you know David it is true
David was in Butler and he was sitting
exactly there and you know Corey was
sitting right behind him can you imagine
Cory was killed he was sitting right
behind David and David didn't Flinch he
didn't move I mean some people moved
actually I think it was really known
that when bullets are fired in a stadium
everyone really gets moving fast and
they call it a stampede nobody moved you
looked at the people behind me right
everyone seen those people those people
have become legendary that was just a
small group the main tens of thousands
of people out here you couldn't even see
the end nobody ran nobody moved they
knew I was in trouble they said he's in
trouble every if you went to a soccer
stadium where you'll have a bullet go
off one bullet the whole place runs for
the exits nobody ran and how about the
man behind me with the black outfit and
the green floppy hat he's like David did
you see him
he's he's looking
right
where get up
here is that him
yeah
wow that's great
huh well you're you can be in a foxhole
with me anytime
man
wow thank you that's great that was a
hell of a day huh but there were a
number of them back there they were just
Brave everybody there was nobody that
fled I think I think nobody fled right
they were brave people and they were
looking and they were pointing they saw
it they were pointing it was incredible
and one of these crowd control people
that came in afterwards said they've
never seen it where bullets are fired
and I'll tell you something David was
standing and sitting right literally the
bullets were going over your head they
were going over my head too the second
group but uh you weren't a flincher
either were you you weren't and Cory
right alongside of you're right behind
him and uh you got to vote for this man
he's a hero and he's a great gentleman
he'll be a great Senator and it's time
for a change time for a change I mean
that a vote for Dave McCormick is they
vote to seal our border stop migrant
crime defeat inflation bring down prices
and defend Pennsylvania energy you have
to defend your energy they will not
allow fracking as soon as if they got in
her first move will be to end fracking
all throughout the United States Dave is
running against truly a not a good
member I don't like to be disrespectful
he's been there a long time but Bob
Casey is a stiff he's a
stiff nobody nobody knows who the hell
he is I don't think I've ever gone to a
meeting where he's been in the meeting
Mike Mike has been in the meeting Dan
has been in the meeting Scott is at too
many meetings
right no I don't think I've ever been I
don't think I've ever been to a meeting
where Casey's even been there and I've
been through a lot of meetings with a
lot of Senators but you know he just
sort of goes along year after year his
father was there he's there we want to
have a great warrior Dave Good Luck Good
Luck thank you Dave vote for him we're
pleased to be joined today by some
really fantastic people some I would say
truly great warriors and if you could
maybe uh Congress people just stand up
right just stand
up Scott
Perry Mike
Kelly GT Thompson GT
hi Dan
muser Lloyd
smucker these are unbelievable Warriors
these are great Fighters and if you can
add David it's going to be an unbeatable
combination Pennsylvania Treasure thank
you very much fellas you've done a great
job you've done a great job Pennsylvania
Treasurer Stacy
G Lancaster County Commissioner Josh
Parsons great job Josh Jim Worthington
he's a fantastic man thank you thank you
Jim nice to see you
and two people that are amazing very
talented very talented very incredible
people one is a spokesman for the lawyer
by the way but a great spokesman truly
committed to make America great and me
but truly committed to make America
great which is more important than me
for more important I mean it's just
something special she has been an
incredible person going around and and
letting people know how important our
country is how we love our country Alina
Haba
Alina stand up
alen I didn't know she was going to be
here
today and another person one of the most
talented writers a person who truly has
the pulse of this area Pennsylvania and
the Rust Belt in general the Rust Belt
is her territory nobody covers it better
Selena Zito Selena where are you Selena
where are
you thank you she's a great she's a
great writer we're also joined by
Tiffany Hall a single mother of four
from Columbia Pennsylvania who wants to
tell us firsthand what the Biden Harris
inflation nightmare has done to her
family it's destroyed her family Tiffany
please come up please thank
you thank you Tiffany
this is happening All Over America
because of inflation by the way
thanks thank
you thank you very much
so gas prices are just was
astronomical um being able to afford
anything for my children anymore like
sports is just kind of out of the
question
now um when President Trump was in I
could do these things with
them since then I've not been able to I
can't put them into sports I can't go on
extrav extravagant vacations anymore we
can go to free parks around here I I
miss it I miss when we didn't have to
pull out of our pockets for
things um I'm hoping we can get back to
a point where I'm financially stable you
will and others I know I can't be the
only one we're all going to the Gas Pump
and being like man here goes the last of
what I have
I
know I would like to be able to go into
a grocery store again and not have to
put something back or say nope we can't
do a a nice cake from the bakery we have
to try and do one from home so I really
hope and pray that we can make America
great again and get you back in office
wow thank you
Tiffany so cute you know she said oh I
can't believe it I left my notes down on
her scene I said just go and wing it and
she did better you did better than if
you had your notes Tiffany I have to be
honest that's great you did better thank
you appreciate it things like that
happened I said well give it a shot she
did better starting on day one of the
Trump Administration we will end
inflation and we will make America great
again we will deliver regulation Cuts
energy price Cuts interest rate cuts and
we will drive prices down and we'll
drive them down very fast we will pass
massive tax cuts for workers and that
includes no tax on
tips to to protect Pennsylvania jobs I
will revoke China's most favored nation
trade status I will pass the Trump
reciprocal trade act if China or any
other country makes us pay a 100 to 200%
tariff attx we will make them pay a
reciprocal tariff or tax of 100 or 200%
right back you hurt us and we hurt you
it's an ie for an eye before I even
arrive at the Oval Office shortly after
we win the presidency and we win the
presidency I mean that I will have the
horrible war between Russia and Ukraine
settled and I am the only one that can
say I know all the players and they
respect us they respect me and they used
to respect our country but no longer I
will prevent World War III that's where
we're heading we're heading to World War
II and you see
it I will restore peace through strength
over and over again our enemies have
watch Biden and Harris signal a lack of
will total weakness to do what's
necessary to protect the American people
and stand up for our allies a week ago
the prime minister of our closest Middle
Eastern Ally Israel came to address
Congress you saw that instead of sending
a clear signal that the United States
will never abandon an ally a very
important one Kamala chose to politicize
the moment to grandstand making show of
refusing to attend you know where she
was she went to a sority party could you
believe it even though it was her Duty
as president of the Senate to be there
it was her duty to be there her Democrat
allies fell in line Chuck Schumer
refused to shake the Israeli Prime
Minister's hand Chuck Schumer has become
a Palestinian yes yes can you believe it
he's become a proud member of
Hamas Nancy Pelosi likewise denounced
the speak in shameful terms you
know 15 years ago Israel had the
strongest most powerful Lobby in this
country now it's almost the opposite
with AOC plus3 and all the people the
enemies of our country in a true sense
but they are and the enemies when they
saw all these people abandoned Israel
they took note and I don't think it's
accidental that just 4 days after Harris
and Biden repudiated our Israeli allies
Iran's top terrorist group hisbah fired
an Iranian missile to kill 12 innocent
children at a soccer field in Northern
Israel happened right after he
left with great embarrassment he left
the terrorists did it because they
assumed they could get away with it
because the United States is weak and
ineffective and no longer respected we
are no longer respected we are a failing
Nation I mean it's horrible you don't
want to say it I wish I didn't have to
say it I wish I could say they're doing
a phenomenal job I wouldn't run I
wouldn't run I wouldn't have to run I
would be very happy to have somebody do
a phenomenal job I wouldn't have to run
and I'd be very happy with that I'd be
proud of our country but right now our
country is a joke it's being left at all
over the world the truth is Harris and
Biden's weakness is inviting every Rogue
enemy worldwide to absolutely get away
with murder in my next term we will
build a great Dome missile defense
Shield over our country a dome like has
never been seen before and it will be
entirely
made in the USA and right here in
Pennsylvania big sections of it and I
will cut remember this I will cut all of
the bad talk about social security
they're going to destroy your Social
Security but I will not cut one cent
from Social Security or
Medicare and I kept my promise for 4
years and I will keep it again and
seniors should not pay taxes on Social
Security and they won't they
won't there are the people it's up to
you no tax on social security by
contrast kamla cast a tiebreaking vote
to cut Medicare you saw this by 23 7
billion do in a heartless betrayal of
American seniors we're going to rebuild
our cities into beacons of Hope safety
and Beauty better than they have ever
been before we will take over the
horribly run capital of our nation in
Washington DC clean it up renovate it
fix it rebuild it we will again have the
most beautiful Capital anywhere in the
world and there will be no crime no
crime allowed very strong right now you
go there you get you get
shot on day one I will sign a new
executive order to cut Federal funding
for any school pushing critical race
Theory transgender insanity and other
inappropriate racial sexual or political
content onto the lives of our
children and I will not give one penny
to any school that has a vaccine mandate
or a mask
mandate and I will keep men out of
women's sports how simple is
that I will fully uphold our Second
Amendment as I did for four years we
just got the backing of the NRA complete
and total endorsement from the NRA we
will protect innocent life and we will
restore free speech to our country
again and very importantly I will secure
our elections are our goal will be
one-day voting with paper ballots proof
of citizenship voter ID we're going to
do it we're going to do
it a lot of other countries are doing it
the mailin voting isn't working it's
corrupt but until then Republicans must
win we want to have a landslide because
the best way to protect against the
rigging and these people know it is too
big to rig there's a level at which say
can't she so if you want to save America
get your friends get your family get
everyone you know and vote vote early
vote absentee vote on Election Day I
don't care when you vote but whatever
you do you have to vote and make sure
your ballot counts because these people
cheat they cheat like dogs and if you
want to help us ensure election
Integrity sign up at protect the
vote.com protect the
vote.com and in
inclusion from Easton to Hershey from
Jamestown to Allentown and from
Pittsburgh to right here in beautiful
Harrisburg love
Harrisburg we got a lot of votes in
Harrisburg we stand on the shoulders of
American legends who poured out their
Blood Sweat and Tears for our rights and
for our freedom Pennsylvania is where
our founding fathers declared America
Independence think of that think of the
history that this great great place is
beautiful Pennsylvania think of the
history that you have it's where the
Army weathered it's brutal winter at
Valley Forge where General George
Washington would never taking his name
off any buildings they'd like to when
they want to take Washington Lincoln and
Jefferson off ain't going to happen but
it will happen
under her George Washington let his men
a daring Mission across the Delaware and
where the union was saved by The
Immortal Heroes at Gettysburg Gettysburg
wow
Gettysburg and this is the state where
generations of tough strong Pennsylvania
Miners and Steel Workers fors the
greatest nation in the history of the
world but now we are a nation in serious
decline we are a failing Nation we are a
nation that has lost its confidence lost
its willpower and lost its strength we
are a nation that has lost quite simply
its way but we are not going to allow
this horror to continue less than four
years ago we were a great nation and we
will soon be a great nation
again
soon with our leadership every disaster
Joe Biden and Camala Harris created can
be fixed and be quick very quickly we're
going to do it so quickly remember I
used to tell the story we're going to
win win win right we're going to win so
much you're going to get tired of
winning we're going to win we're going
to start winning please please Mr
President we're winning too much we
can't take it anymore we're get a winwin
win every problem can be solved and
every wrong can be rectified by this
time next year America's borders will be
strong sealed and secure inflation will
be a
full thing of the past it will be in
full Retreat our economy will be roaring
back optimism will be surging the
American dream will be thriving again
for citizens of every race religion
color and Creed Law And Justice will
reign all throughout our land Freedom
will be restored the flame of Liberty
will be burning bright Joe Biden and
kamla Harris the worst administ ation in
the history of our country will be a
fading memory of the past and our great
silent majority including the once
forgotten men and women of our country
will be the one shaping America's
magnificent future when I am the 47th
president of the United
States because we are all Americans and
together we will show November 5th to be
the most important day in the history of
our country We Are One movement one
people one family and one glorious
nation under God and together we will
make America powerful
again make America wealthy again make
America strong again make America proud
again make America safe again make
America free again and we will make
America great again thank you
Pennsylvania God bless you God bless you
thank you thank
you thank you everybody