# 11/6/10 - Sen.-elect Marco Rubio (R-FL) Delivers The Weekly GOP Address\n# Channel: gopweeklyaddress\n# Upload Date: 2010-11-05\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-2oZ2MoP-0\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:29:48\n\n================================================================================\n\nhi I'm Marco Rubio with election day now
behind us it's an honor to talk to you
about the opportunity before us an
opportunity to put America back on track
for too long Washington has taken our
country in the wrong direction bigger
government Reckless spending and runaway
debt and though I'm a proud Republican
here's the truth both parties have been
to blame this election the American
people said enough is enough that
message was loud and
clear we Republicans would be mistaken
if we misread these results is simply an
Embrace of the Republican party this
election is a second chance a second
chance for Republicans to be what we
said we were going to
be America is the single greatest nation
on earth a place without equal in the
history of all mankind a place built on
free enterprise where the employee can
become the employer where small
businesses are started every day in a
spare bedroom and were someone like me
the son of a bartender and a maid
can become a United States
Senator I know about the unique
exceptionalism of our country not
because I read about it in a book I've
seen it through my own
eyes you see I was raised in a community
of Exiles by people who lost their
country people who once had dreams like
we do today but had to come to a foreign
Shore to find them for some their dreams
were answered here in America but many
others found a new dream to leave their
children with the kinds of opportunities
they themselves never
had and that is what we must do as a
nation to fulfill our sacred obligation
to leave the next generation of
Americans a better America than the one
we
inherited and that is what this election
was
about in the past two years Republicans
listened to the American people and what
they said is that it was time for a
course
correction the past two years provided a
frightening Glimpse at what could become
of our great nation if we continue down
the current path wasteful spending a
growing debt and a government reaching
ever further into our lives even into
our health care decisions it is nothing
short of a path to ruin a path that
threatens to diminish us as a nation and
a people one that makes America not
exceptional not unique but more like the
rest of the
world as Republicans here is what our
commitment should be to you our Focus
must not be simply winning elections it
must be to ensure the Next Generation
inherits a strong free and prosperous
America we will govern as public
servants who understand that reelection
is simply a byproduct of good public
service and good ideas and most
importantly we will stand up and offer
an alternative to the policies coming
out of Washington for the past two years
the challenges are too great too
generational in scope for us to be
merely opponents of bad policies instead
we will put forward bold ideas and have
the courage to fight for them this means
preventing a massive tax increase
scheduled to hit every American taxpayer
at the end of the year it means
repealing and replacing the disastrous
healthc care bill it means simplifying
our tax code and tackling a debt that is
pushing us to the brink of our own
grease-like Day of
Reckoning for many of us coming to
Washington for the first time and others
returning to serve It's a Long Way from
Home a long way from the people whose
eyes we looked into at Town Halls at
diners or roundtables and promised that
this time it would be different that if
you elected Republicans to office again
we would not squander the chance you
gave us and we must not because nothing
less than the identity of our country
and what kind of future we will leave
our children is at
stake that is our commitment and from
you we ask this hold us accountable to
the ideas and principles we campaigned
on this is our second chance to get this
right to make the right decisions and
the tough
calls and to leave our children what
they
deserve the freest and most exceptional
Society in all of human
history thank you for listening God
bless you and your family and may God
continue to bless the United States of
America