# In Full: Palin's Tea Party Speech\n# Channel: CBS News\n# Upload Date: 2010-02-07\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iP4PJlufZ0c\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 12:40:47\n\n================================================================================\n\nI am so proud to be American thank you
gosh thank
you happy birthday Ronald
Reagan well a special hello to the
C-SPAN viewers you may not be welcome in
those healthc care negotiations but you
have an invitation to the Tea Party
very good to be here in Tennessee the
volunteer state it's the home of good
country music and good Southern barbecue
and great to be at the tea party
convention I guess down here that's some
Southern sweet tea and you know up in
Alaska we have a smaller version of tea
party up there and we call it iced
tea and I am a big supporter of this
movement I believe in this movement got
lots of friends and family in the lower
48 who attend these events and across
the country just knowing that this is
the movement and America is ready for
another Revolution and you are a part of
this I look forward to attending more
tea party events in the near future it
is just so inspiring to see real people
not politicos not inside the Beltway
professionals come out and stand up and
speak out for common sense conservative
principles and today I want to start off
with a special shout out to America's
newest Senator thanks to you Scott
Brown now in many ways Scott Brown
represents what this beautiful movement
is all about you know he was just a guy
with a truck and a passion to serve our
country he looked around and he said saw
that things weren't quite right in
Washington so he stood up and he decided
that he was going to do his part to put
our government back on the side of the
people and it took guts and it took a
lot of hard work but with grassroot
support Scott Brown carried the day and
it has been so interesting now to watch
the aftermath of the Massachusetts chowa
Revolution the White House blames the
candidate their candidate
and Nancy Pelosi she blamed the Senate
Democrats and Ramy Emanuel he criticized
a
holster and yet again President Obama
found some way to make this all about
George
Bush you know considering the recent
conservative election sweep it's time
that they stop blaming everyone else
when you're old for three you'd better
stop lecturing and start
listening the only place that the left
hasn't placed the blame is on their
agenda so some advice for our friends on
that side of the aisle that's where you
got to look because that's what got you
into this mess the Obama Pelosi read
agenda it's going to leave us less
secure more in debt and more under the
thumb a big government and that is out
of touch and it's out of date and if
Scott Brown is any indication it's
running out of
time because from Virginia to New Jersey
to Massachusetts voters are sending a
message up and down the east coast and
in good places like Nevada and
Connecticut and Colorado Michigan North
Dakota they've got the liberal left that
establishment Running Scared the bottom
line is this it's been a year now they
own this now and voters are going to
hold them accountable because out here
in the cities and in the towns across
this great country we know that we've
got some big problems to solve we've
gotten tired now of of Looking Backward
we want to look forward and from here my
friends the for the future it looks
really good it looks really good because
if there's hope in Massachusetts There's
Hope
everywhere Browns Victory it's exciting
and it's a sign of more good things to
come a lot of great Common Sense
conservative candidates they're going to
put it all on the line in 2010 this year
they going to be some tough primaries
and I think that's good competition in
these primaries is good competition
makes us work harder and be more
efficient and produce more and I hope
you'll get out there and work hard for
the candidates who reflect your values
your priorities because despite what the
pundants want you to think contested
primaries aren't Civil War they're
democracy at work and that's beautiful
was the product of a competitive primary
where running for governor I fa five
guys in the party and we put our ideas
and our experience out there on the
table for debate and then we allow it of
course the voters to decide and that is
a healthy process and it gives Americans
the kind of leadership that they want
and deserve and so in 2010 I tip my hat
to anyone with the courage to throw
theirs in the ring and may the best
ideas and candidates win but while I
hope that you're going to give these
candidates you choose your best effort
please understand that they're human
there's no perfect candidate and they're
going to disappoint occasionally and
when they do let them know but don't get
discouraged and sit it out because the
stakes are too high the stakes are too
high right now and your voice is too
important so work hard for these
candidates but put your faith in ideas
and in that spirit I caution against
allowing this movement to be defined by
any one leader or politician the Tea
Party Movement is not a top down
operation it's a groundup call to action
that is forcing both parties to change
the way that they're doing business and
that's
beautiful this is is about the
people this is about the people and it's
bigger than any king or queen of a tea
party and it's a lot bigger than any
charismatic guy with a
teleprompter the soul of this movement
is the people everyday Americans who
grow our food and run our small
businesses teach our kids and fight our
Wars
there folks in small towns and cities
across this great nation who saw what
was happening and they saw and were
concerned and they got involved like you
they go to town hall meetings and they
write op EDS they run for local office
you all have the courage to stand up and
speak out you have a vision for the
future one that values conservative
principles and Common Sense Solutions
and if that sounds like you then you
probably too are feeling a bit
discouraged by what you see in
Washington DC now in recent weeks many
of us have grown even more uneasy about
our administration's approach to
National Security the most important
role ascribed to our federal government
let me say too it's not politicizing our
security to discuss our concerns because
Americans deserve to know the truth
about the threats that we face and what
the administration is or isn't doing
about them so let's talk about them new
terms used like overseas contingency
operation instead of the word war that
reflects a worldview that is out of
touch with the en enemy that we Face we
can't spin our way out of this threat
it's one thing to call a pay raise a job
created or saved it's quite another to
call the devastation that a homicide
bomber can inflict a man-made disaster
and I just say come on Washington if
nowhere else National Security that's
one place where you got to call it like
it
is and in that
spirit in that Spirit we should
acknowledge that on Christmas Day the
system did not work Abdul matalib passed
through airport security with a bomb and
he boarded a flight hellbent on killing
innocent passengers this terrorist
trained in Yemen with
Al-Qaeda his American visa was not
revoked until after he tried to kill
hundreds of passengers on Christmas Day
the only thing that stopped this
terrorist is blind luck and brave
passengers really it was a Christmas
miracle and that is not the way that the
system is supposed to work
What followed was equally disturbing
after he was captured was questioned for
only 50 minutes we had a choice in how
to do this the choice was only question
him for 50 minutes and then read his
Miranda rights the administration says
then there are no downsides or upsides
to treating terrorists like civilian
criminal defendants but a lot of us
would beg to differ for example there
are questions we would have liked this
foreign terrorist to answer before he
lawyered up and invoked our us
constitutional right to remain
silence our us constitutional rights
our rights that you sir fought and were
willing to die for to protect in our
constitution the rights that my son as
an infantryman in the United States Army
is willing to die for the protections
provided thanks to you sir we're going
to bestow them on a terrorist who hates
our Constitution and to destroy our
Constitution and our country this makes
no sense because we have a choice in how
we're going to deal with a terrorist we
don't have to go down that road there
are questions that we would have liked
answered before he lawyered up like
where exactly were you trained and by
whom you're bragging about all these
other terrorists just like you uh who
are they when and where will they try to
strike
next the events surrounding the
Christmas Day plot reflect the kind of
thinking that led to September 11th that
the threat
then as a USS Cole was attacked our
embassies were attacked it was treated
like an international crimes free not
like an act of War we're seeing that
mindset again settle into Washington
that scares me for my children for your
children treating this like a mere law
enforcement matter places our country at
grave risk because that's not how
radical Islamic extremis are looking at
this they know we're at War and to win
that war we need a commanderin-chief not
a professor of law standing at the lect
it's that same kind of misguided
thinking that is seen throughout the
administration's foreign policy
decisions our president spent a year
reaching out to hostile regimes writing
personal letters to dangerous dictators
and apologizing for America and what do
we have to show for that here's what we
have to
show North Korea tested nuclear weapons
and long range ballistic
missiles Israel a friend and a critical
Ally now now question the strength of
our supports plans for a missile defense
system in Europe they've been scrapped
relations with China and Russia are no
better and relations with Japan that key
Asian Ally they're in the wor shape in
years and around the world people who
are seeking freed
from oppressive regimes wonder if Alaska
is still that Beacon of Hope for their
cause the administration cut support for
democracy
programs and where the president has not
been
clear I ask where is his clear and where
is his strong voice of support for the
Iranians who are risking all in their
opposition to aad
just that short list that short list and
you know it's no wonder that our
president only spent about 9% of his
State of the Union Address discussing
National Security foreign policy because
there aren't a whole lot of Victories
that he could talk about that night and
that's just a short list there are so
many challenges in front of us and it
can seem
overwhelming but despite these
challenges we have hope that we can move
things in the right direction but it's
going to require ad ation to change
course we need a foreign policy that
distinguishes America's friends from her
enemies and recognizes the true nature
of the threats that we
Face we need a strong National Defense I
think you would agree with me as as
Reagan used to talk about that peace
through strength and in that
respect I applaud the president for
following at least a part of the
recommendations made by our commanders
on the ground to send in some more
reinforcements to
Afghanistan now though he we must spend
less time courting our adversaries
spending more time working with our
allies and we must build effective
coalitions capable of confronting
dangerous regimes like Iran and North
Korea it's time for more than just tough
talk just like you probably just so
tired of hearing the talk talk
talk tired of hearing the
talk it's time for some tough actions
like sanctions on Iran and in places in
the world where people are struggling
and oppressed and they're fighting for
Freedom America must stand with them we
need a clear foreign policy that stands
with the people and for democracy one
that reflects both our values and our
interests and it is in our our best
interests because democracies they don't
go to war with each other they can
settle their differences peacefully the
lesson of the last year is this foreign
policy can't be managed through the
politics of
personality and our president would do
well to take note of an observation John
F Kennedy had made once he was in office
that all of the world's problems aren't
his predecessor's fault
the problems that we face in the real
world require real solutions and we'
better get to it because the risks that
they pose are great and they're
grave however as Barry Goldwater said we
can be conquered by bombs but we can
also be conquered by neglect By ignoring
our Constitution and disregarding the
principles of limited government and in
the past last year his words ring true
Washington has now replaced private
irresponsibility with public
irresponsibility the list of companies
and industries that the government is
crowding out and bailing out and taking
over it continues to grow first it was
the banks mortgage companies financial
institutions then automakers soon if
they had their way Health Care student
loans today in the words of Congressman
Paul Ryan the $ 7700 billion tarp has
morphed into crony capitalism at its
worst and it's becoming a slush fund for
the treasury Department's favorite big
players just as we had been warned about
and while people on Main Street look for
jobs people on Wall Street they're
collecting billions and billions in your
bailout
bonuses among the top 17 companies that
received your bailout money 92% of the
senior officers and directors they still
have their good jobs and everyday
Americans are wondering where are the
consequences for they helping to get us
into this worst economic situation since
the Great Depression where are the
consequences when Washington passed
a787 billion stimulus Bill we were
nervous because they just spent $700
billion dollar to bail out Wall Street
and on the state level as a governor we
knew that a lot of that money came with
fat strings attached the federal
government was going to have more
control over our states they were going
to disrespect the 10th Amendment of our
constitution by essentially bribing us
with take this Federal money and then
we're going to be able to mandate a few
more things on you though I joined with
other conservative Governors around the
nation in rejecting some of those
dollars legislators
turned out to be though nothing to
Applause because nothing to applaud
because legislators then were
threatening lawsuits if Governors didn't
take the money and I vetoed some of the
funds that I knew we couldn't maintain
the programs that we were going to pay
for with these these borrowed printed up
invented dollars out of nowhere but
lawsuits were a threat even in Alaska in
a republican controlled legislature my
veto was overridden and the money poured
into those states and I believe we will
see this play out in our states the
federal government will have taken more
control over the people who live in our
States now I understand wanting to
believe that this is all free money and
for some I guess it's tough to tell
people know in tough times plus remember
our Administration promised that it
would be good stewards of taxpayer
dollars remember remember Vice President
Biden he was put in charge of a tough
unprecedented oversight effort that's
how it was introduced you know why
because nobody messes with
Joe
now this was all part of that hope and
change and transparency and now a year
later I got to ask those supporters of
all that how's that Hopey changy stuff
working out for you
see I tried to look into that
transparency thing but Joe's meetings
with the transparency and accountability
board it was closed to the
public yeah they held the transparency
meeting behind closed
doors so not sure if anybody's messing
with Joe but here is what I do know a
lot of that stimulus cash it ended up in
pretty odd places including districts
that didn't even
exist and programs that really don't
have a whole lot to do with stimulating
the
economy nearly $6 million was given to a
Democrat pollster who had already made
Millions during the Democrats
presidential primary nearly 10 million
was spent to update the stimulus website
and one state even spent a million bucks
to put up signs that advertis they were
spending the federal stimulus projects
or as someone put it this was a
million-- dooll effort using your money
to tell you it's spending your money and
it didn't create a single
job these uses of stimulus funds don't
sound targeted and they don't sound
timely as we were promised they just
sound wasteful and in the case of those
signs kind of ridiculous all of that
stimul I don't know about you but seeing
those checks written for some of these
pet projects of congressman and those in
the white house did you feel very
stimulated and then it turns out that
Washington got the price tag wrong all
of these projects and programs they cost
tens and tens of billions of dollars
more than we were told it's now closer
to $860 billion add this to the fact
that the White House can't even tell us
how many jobs were actually created
depending on who you ask it's anywhere
from thousands to two million but one
number that we are sure of is the
unemployment number and that's at 9.7
which is well above the 8% Mark that we
were promised our stimulus package would
go to a void and unemployment now is
underemployment now is 16.5% you've got
all these people who have just kind of
given up right now and they're not even
enrolling in some of these programs
tough to count them folks I won't go
into all of it tonight but the list of
broken promises is long
candidate Obama pledged to end closed
door sweetheart deals and no bid
contracts once and for all but just last
month his administration awarded a $25
million no bid contract to a Democrat
donor is that hope nope it's not
hope that's the same old same in
Washington DC and instead of changing
the Way Washington does business we got
the Corn Husker Kickback and the
Louisiana Purchase and millions of tax
breaks for Union boss's
desires the promised ban on lobbyists in
this new Administration they handed out
waivers left and right and there are
more than 40 former lobbyists who now
work at the top levels in this
Administration and these days most
members of Congress they don't get to
read the bill before they have to vote
on it much less The Pledge that a bill
wouldn't be signed into law until we all
had five days to review it online
so see it's easy to understand why
Americans are shaking their heads when
Washington has broken trust with the
people that these politicians are to be
serving we're drowning in national debt
and many of us have had enough
now the foundational principles in all
of this it's easy to understand it
really is even though I think DC would
just love for us to believe that this is
all way over our heads somebody in
Tennessee somebody up there in Alaska
she'll never understand what we're
talking about here in DC no this is all
pretty simple stuff when our family
amilies when our small businesses we
start running our finances into the red
what do we do we tighten our belts and
we cut back budgets isn't that what we
teach our children to live within our
means it's what Todd and I do when we
have to make payroll buy new equipment
for our commercial fishing business we
have to plan for the future and meet a
budget but in Washington why is it just
the opposite of that this week they
unveiled a record busting mindboggling
$3.8 trillion Federal budget and they
keep borrowing and they keep printing
these dollars and they keep making us
more and more beholden to foreign
countries and they keep making us take
these steps towards
insolvency now what they're doing in
proposing these big new programs with
giant price tags they're sticking our
kids with the bill and that's immoral
that's generational theft we're stealing
the opportunities from our children
and freedom lovers around this country
need to be aware that all of this makes
us more beholden to other countries it
makes us less secure it makes us less
free and that should tick us
off so
folks with all these serious challenges
ahead we've got private sector job
creation that has got to take place and
got these economic woses and Health Care
the war on terror but as the saying goes
if you can't ride two horses at once you
shouldn't be in the
circus so here's some advice for those
in DC who want to shine in The Greatest
Show on Earth too often when big
government and big business get together
and cronyism sets in well it benefits
insiders not everyday
Americans the administration in Congress
should do what we did up there in Alaska
when the good old boys started making
back room deals that were benefiting big
oil and not the citizens of the state
and the citizens of the state then
alaskans we got together and we put
government back on the side of the
people and a lot of the Big Wigs they
started getting in trouble and some of
the Big Wigs ended up going to jail over
their back room deals
our government needs to adopt a prar
market agenda that doesn't pick winners
and losers but it invites competition
and it levels the playing field for
everyone Washington has got to across
the board lower taxes for small
businesses so that our mom and pops can
reinvest and hire people so that our
businesses can thrive
they should support
competition support Innovation reward
hard work and they should do all that
they can to make sure that the game is
fair without that undo corrupt influence
and then they need to get government out
of the
way if they would do
this if they would do this our economy
it would Roar back to life and for
instance on Healthcare we need
bipartisan solutions to help families
not increase taxes remember that red
reset button that America through
secretary Clinton she gave to Putin
remember that I think we should ask for
that back and hand it instead to
Congress and say no start all over on
this Health Care scheme and pass
meaningful market-based reforms that
incorporate some simple steps that have
broad support the best ideas not back
deals but things like Insurance
purchases across state lines and the Tor
reform that we've talked
about those things that are common sense
steps towards reform that the White
House and and leaders on the Democrat
side of the island Congress they don't
want to consider so it makes you wonder
what truly is their motivation what is
their intention if they won't even
consider these Common Sense Broad base
support ideas that would work and to
create jobs Washington should jumpstart
energy projects I said it during the
campaign and I'll say it now we need an
all of the above approach to energy
policy that means proven conventional
resource development and support for
nuclear power and I was thankful that
the president at least mentioned nuclear
power in a state of the union but again
we need more than words we need a plan
to turn that goal into a reality and
that way we can pave the way for
projects that will create jobs those are
real job creators and deliver carbon-
free energy and while we're at it let's
expedite the Regulatory and permitting
and legal processes for on and offshore
drill instead of paying billions of
dollars hundreds of billions of dollars
that now are being sent to foreign
regimes we should be drilling here and
drilling now instead of relying on them
to develop their resources for
us so what we've got to do is actx that
plan for cap and tax that policy that's
going to kill jobs and it's going to
pass the burden of paying for it onto
our Working Families and finally if
we're going to get serious about fiscal
restraint then we've got to make
Washington start walking the walk after
putting us on a track to quadruple the
deficit the proposed spending freeze
maybe it's a start but it's certainly
not enough as Senator John Thun said
it's like putting a Band-Aid on a
self-inflicted gunshot
wound we need to go further cut spending
don't just simply slow down a spending
spree and we've got to ask the plans for
a second stimulus when the first hasn't
even been measured for any success yet
kill the plans for the second stimul
and be aware that now that second
stimulus is being referred to as a jobs
bill now these aren't the only ways to
reign in spending and alone they're not
going to be enough not enough to tackle
the insane debt and the deficits that we
face but they are a good way to start
and to show that we're serious about
getting our financial house in
order now like a lot of you perhaps I
have spent the last year thinking about
how how to best serve how can I help our
country how can I make sure that I that
you that we're in a position of nobody
being able to succeed when they try to
tell us to sit down and shut up how can
we best serve in 2008 I had the honor
really of a lifetime the honor of a
lifetime running alongside John McCain I
look at him as an American hero and
nearly 60 million Americans voted for us
they cast their ballot for the things
that we were talking about tonight lower
taxes smaller government transparency
energy Independence and strong National
Security and while no our votes did not
carry the day it was still a call to
serve our country those voters wanted us
to keep on fighting and take the gloves
off and they wanted Common Sense
conservative Solutions and they wanted
us to keep on debating and each of us
who was here today we're living proof
that you don't need an office or a title
to make a difference
and you don't need a proclaimed leader
as if we're all just a bunch of sheep
and we're looking for a leader to
progress this
movement that is what we're fighting for
it's what we're fighting about it's what
we believe in and that's what this
movement is all about when people are
willing and to meet halfway and stand up
for common sense Solutions and values
then we want to work with them and in
that spirit I applaud Independence and
Democrats like Bart stac who stood up to
tough partisan pressure and he wanted to
protect the sanctity of life and the
rights of the soon to be born I applaud
him for
that when we can work together we will
but when the work of Washington violates
our cons our conscience and and when the
work and efforts in Washington DC
violate our constitution then we will
stand up and we will be counted because
we are the loyal
opposition and we have a vision for the
future of our country too and it is a
vision Anchored In Time tested truths
that the government that governs least
governs best and that the constitution
the Constitution provides the best road
map towards a more perfect
union and that only limited government
can expand prosperity and opportunity
for all and that freedom is a god-given
right and it is worth fighting for God
bless
you and that America's Finest are men
and women in uniform are a Force for
good throughout the world and that is
nothing to apologize for
these are enduring truths and these
enduring truths have been passed down
from Washington to Lincoln to Reagan and
now to
you but while this movement It's Our
Roots they are in our spirit too they
are historic the current form of this
movement is fresh and it's young and
it's fragile we are now the keepers of
an honorable tradition of conservative
values and good works and we must never
forget that it is a sacred trust to
carry these ideas forward it demands
Civility and it requires decent
constructive issue oriented debate
opponents of this message they're
seeking to marginalize this movement
they want to paint us as ideologically
extreme and the Counterpoint to liberal
intolerance and some outrageous
conspiracy theorists aimed at our own
government and unethical Shameless
tactics like considering a candidate's
children fair
game but unlike the elitists who
denounce this movement I just don't want
to hear the message I've traveled across
this great country and I've talked to
the Patriotic men and women who make up
the Tea Party Movement and they're good
and kind and selfless and they are
deeply concerned about our country and
today I ask only this let's make this
movement a tribute to their good example
and make it worthy of their hard work
and their support do not let us have our
heads turned from the important work
before us and do not give others an
excuse to be able to turn their eyes
from this let us not get bogged down in
the small squabbles let us get caught up
in the big
ideas to do so would be a fitting
tribute to Ronald Reagan especially
tonight as he would have turned
99 no longer with us his Spirit lives on
and his American Dream
endures he knew the best of our country
is not all gathered in Washington
DC it is here in our communities
where families live and children learn
and children with special needs are
welcomed in this world and
embraced and thank you for that
the best of America can be found in
places where Patriots are brave enough
and free enough to be able to stand up
and speak up and where small businesses
grow our economy one job at a time and
folks like Reagan we know that America
is still that shining City on a Hill I
do believe that God shed his grace on
thee we know that our best days are yet
to
come tea party Nation we know that there
is nothing wrong with America that
together we can fix As Americans so from
the bottom of my heart and speaking on
behalf of millions and millions and
millions of Americans who want to
encourage this movement this movement is
about the people who can argue of
movement that is about the people and
for the people remember all political
power is inherent in the people and
government is supposed to be working for
the people that is what this movement is
about from the bottom of my heart I
thank you for being part of the solution
God bless you tea parters and God bless
the USA thank you