# JD Vance: 'What Happened Right Here In Butler Is A Metaphor For The United States Of America'\n# Channel: Forbes Breaking News\n# Upload Date: 2024-10-06\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pUJkwiXf2EE\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:30:29\n\n================================================================================\n\nwe're going to ensure that emergency
funding goes to American citizens and
not illegal
aliens we're going to create record
Prosperity with low inflation and Rising
take-home
pay we're going to secure that southern
border stop the drug trafficking and
send illegal aliens back home where they
belong
we're going to drive down the cost of
housing drive down the cost of gas drive
down the cost of groceries and we're
going to clean up our streets to make
America safe
again and whether we agree or disagree
with you we will always defend your
god-given right to speak your mind
without fear of censorship violence or
persecution
but to everybody struggling I want you
to know that though our country has yes
been through some hard times over these
past few year few years I want you to
know that help is on the
way we have think about this the most
generous people the most abundant
natural resources including some great
energy right here in the state of
Pennsylvania we've got the hardest
workers we've got the best values all we
need to to restore American greatness is
leadership that is fit to serve this
country so more than anything I'd like
all of us to leave this incredible
Community with a message of Hope because
I honestly believe that what happened
right here in Butler is a metaphor for
the United States of America in this
land we may get knocked down but we get
right back up and we keep fighting
because in America hope is never lost
we may face enemies who seek our demise
our destruction and even our death they
may try to crush our Spirits they may
try to convince us that Victory is
impossible but in America nothing is
impossible and as long as that flag yet
waves and I see it's doing it today
there is no trial we cannot endure no
obstacle we cannot overcome and no
defeat we cannot turn into victory
on this field at this exact spot nearly
three months ago we thought president
Trump was going to lose his life but God
still has a plan for him just like it's
he still has a plan for the United
States of
America we this Movement we have so much
left to accomplish and After the Dark
Nights of trial when the Sun rises again
our flag is still going to be there and
nothing will stop the United States of
America so I want you all I know he's
not he he'll be out it in just a little
bit but I want you all When Donald Trump
comes out here to give him a true Butler
Pennsylvania welcome because with Donald
Trump as our leader we are going to take
this country back we're going to make
the American dream affordable again and
it's going to start
right here in the great state of
Pennsylvania God bless you Butler thank
you for having me and we are going to
take this country back I love you