# Mike Lee's Full Speech at the CR Conservative Convention\n# Channel: Conservative Review\n# Upload Date: 2016-02-22\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JZWXupXdDl4\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:18:52\n\n================================================================================\n\nhello thank
you first of all I've got another idea
for you how do you like the sound of
this Senator sha
Hannity I like it I mean uh look a
5-year contract six-year term I know
which one I would choose for Shawn let's
bring him to
Washington I want to open tonight by
telling you a story a story that I first
heard told by a man named emo Phillips
story about time when emo was crossing
the Golden Gate Bridge alone one night
it was late at night no one else was on
the the bridge he got halfway across the
bridge enjoying himself and discovered
that he was in fact not alone there was
somebody else on the bridge only the
other person was standing on the edge of
the bridge outside the guard rail
hanging on with one hand emo could tell
this guy was in trouble he knew that the
man was thinking about jumping and he
thought I I've got to stop and help him
he asked the only question that came to
mind immediately he stopped and asked
the man do you believe in God and the
man said yes and emo said me too and emo
said are you a Christian and the man
said yes and emo said me
too emo asked well what
denomination I'm a Baptist me
too are you a northern Baptist or a
fundamentalist a northern Baptist or a
southern baptist and the man said I'm a
northern Baptist emo said me too this
was really going
well are you a northern fundamentalist
Baptist or a northern Reformed Baptist
well I'm a northern fundamentalist
Baptist me too are you a northern
fundamentalist Baptist Conference of
1857 or Northern fundamentalist Baptist
Conference of 1812 and the man said I'm
a northern fundamentalist Baptist
Conference of 1857 and emo said die you
heretic and pushed him off the
bridge my fellow
conservatives in
2016 we have to be focused more
on embracing converts than casting off
Heretics join me in that cause
tonight so yes it's time to sharpen more
pencils than knives and remember that
anger is not an agenda frustration is
not a platform and cynicism certainly is
not conservative
the way I see it the real question
heading into this Saturday and the real
question heading into November 2016 is
not whether any particular candidate
running for president will be up to his
job rather the real question will be
whether the
conservatives those of us who will
choose the next president of the United
States that's up to you and me whether
we will be up to our
job you see we've been conditioned we've
been conditioned by political candidates
who don't keep their
promises and we've been conditioned by
campaign consultants and by Washington
Elites who pedal negativity and trade in
discouragement to settle to settle for
far far less than we deserve should we
do that no no don't settle expect more
it's time for us as conservatives to
think think long and hard about the kind
of President we're ready for so don't
get fooled don't settle for hype and for
spin no demand Clarity from our
candidates don't settle for sweeping
generalities and bumper sticker slogans
demand specific proposals because a true
conservative will be prepared to give
you
those don't settle for a candidate who
thinks he's a king
expect a president who knows as we all
know that power belongs to the
people don't settle for a sideshow
expect
substance don't settle for Promises of
big deal big deals concocted with very
few people at the
table certainly don't settle for the
kind of
2,242 page spending Bill negotiated in
secret in my experience nothing good
ever comes from deals like those expect
a president who will bring the American
people back into the process which
belongs to them after
all don't settle for a president who
will be overbearing at home and
apologetic abroad expect a president who
will protect both your security and your
Liberty understanding that those two are
not in conflict with each other we can
defend both at
once don't settle for less than you
deserve so who really matters who can
make a difference
who can turn this country around who can
we
trust I see some familiar names out
there now while it might be easy to
focus our attention on who is in the
race on who's on the stage who's
backstage who's on the screen who's on
the campaign bus and you know that focus
is nearly swallowed up The Who that
really matters the most and who really
matters the most Wells bold mothers who
stand up for their families for the
moral protection of their homes it's
courageous fathers who teach it's
students who are always searching for
the true answers it's neighbors who lift
neighbors it's believers who know that
their rights come not from any
government but from almighty God even
the god of Abraham Isaac and Jacob
there's going to be a lot of discussion
about who matters and about what matters
but we cannot lose sight of who and what
matters the very most who can make a
difference now well let me tell you it's
it's workers in businesses who will
become owners of businesses it's waiters
who become restaurant tours musicians
who become composers
programmers who become high-tech
entrepreneurs and perhaps there are
Among Us listeners who will quite
literally become leaders for
tomorrow my fellow
conservatives if we don't find ourselves
in this campaign for President we will
not have a president who stands for us
at all for the next president isn't in
the boardroom we are he isn't in the
classroom we are
he's not in a factory or in a cubicle we
are he's not in the field he's not
behind the wheel we are he's not in the
grocery store or sitting at the kitchen
table with our families we are you see
it's not his voice that speak for us we
of course speak for
ourselves that is the voice every person
in our nation needs to hear it is our
voice that needs to be heard with the
microphone
with a megaphone and with a
smartphone ours is the voice the voice
of the American conservative that Echoes
down Through the Ages calling for the
conservative principles that have
fostered the development of the greatest
civilization the world has ever known
you see because free markets work in
fact free markets have done more to lift
more people out of poverty than anything
else ever has in human history or ever
will certainly more than any government
ever
could limited government isn't just a
good idea it's a constitutional right
and a right to which all members of
Congress and all presidents have sworn
an oath to uphold protect and defend and
balance of power is a necessary
protection so it's your voice that's
speaking out for these things
saying don't
settle when we expect more we will do
more and we will become more not just as
individuals but as an entire
nation conservatives who expect more
will carry this country into what will
become an extraordinary future you see
we have to remember we've been here
before as a nation we've done this those
early Patriots didn't settle for tyranny
taxes and
intrusion Reagan conservatives didn't
settle for the status quo they didn't
settle for what people told them was
possible at the
time they expected more they expected
freedom and then they acted doing their
part so that we could have a chance to
do our part today right now in 2016
we expect more we expect more great
things out of conservatives All Over
America starting with South Carolinians
this week and then with nevadans next
week and it's time to expect more out of
ourselves it's time to do more it's time
to become more of what conservative
principles and enable us to become you
see because that that's why we're
conservative that's why we believe in
the
Constitution we believe in Freedom not
just because it sounds great but because
of the great things that free people do
they help each other they help the poor
get out of poverty they help expand the
middle
class it's time to expect and to demand
the country we
deserve and for that
matter it's time for us to expect the
Supreme Court we deserve
the stakes here are too high higher than
they've ever been we cannot and we will
not settle for another liberal on the
Supreme Court of the United
States so what does that mean for us
here today what can we do about it well
a lot
we must expect a proven
conservative not somebody who just
claims to be today because it's
convenient but a proven conservative who
has been at the front of the battle and
has the battle stares to prove
it that's the kind of conservative that
we need to elect as the next president
of the United States and to appoint the
next Supreme Court Justice
my fellow conservatives we cannot settle
anymore it's time for us to unite expand
and expect
more it's time for us to raise our
voices it is time to expect victory