# Senator Slotkinâ€™s Maiden Speech to the United States Senate\n# Channel: Sen. Elissa Slotkin\n# Upload Date: 2025-07-23\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SH3Jb_wFVmU\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-06 01:29:19\n\n================================================================================\n\nMr. President,
>> the senator from Michigan.
>> Mr. President, I rise today to deliver
my maiden speech. This is a proud and
personal moment for me to represent my
home state of Michigan as a junior
senator alongside Gary Peters and to
follow in the footsteps of legendary
senators like Debbie Stabinau and Carl
Levan.
This maiden speech has been a
long-standing tradition in the Senate.
Every junior member gets to deliver in
their freshman year their vision for
their state and what they plan to do in
their time in office. Um, thank you to
my colleagues from both sides of the
aisle who have joined me and to my great
staff and my interns, even my niece who
came in. If you remember nothing else, I
want you to remember two things. First,
nothing is more important to me than the
state of Michigan. I'm a third
generation Michigander. For me, Michigan
is where it all started. Everything I've
done in my life, everywhere I've gone,
everything I've done, everyone I've met,
it all started in Michigan. It's where I
learned the values that still shape me
today. Community, putting your head down
and working hard, taking care of your
neighbors when they are in need.
Nothing matters more than my home state.
So this this speech is my love letter to
the state of Michigan. To stand here and
represent the state that I love on the
floor of the US Senate is the greatest
privilege of my life.
Second, my goal for my time in office is
to address what I believe to be the
existential threat of our time to my
state and to all Americans, the threat
of a shrinking middle class.
Now, I'm a national security person by
training. I'm what's called a 911 baby.
I happened to be in New York City on my
second day of graduate school when 911
happened. I was recruited into the CIA
right out of grad school and I served
three tours in Iraq alongside our
military before serving at the Pentagon.
I served proudly under presidents both
Democrat and Republican. I've come face
to face with some of the greatest
threats facing our country. But I
believe in my bones that the single
greatest threat today to our national
security is not coming from abroad, but
coming from the very real threats that
come from that shrinking middle class.
So my goal as a senator is to deliver
for Michigan's middle class, to expand
it, to secure it. That mission is
personal. Michigan is where my family
achieved that very American dream. My
great-grandfather at 13 years old came
through Ellis Island not speaking
English. He ended up starting a meat
company, moved to Michigan and built
that business uh and and built an iconic
hot dog that Michiganders have enjoyed
for 60 years. Michigan has been the
place where hard work means something.
It's where the middle class was
literally invented where you could work
at an auto plant and afford the car that
you were building. That was a
revolutionary idea at the time. It
shouldn't be revolutionary now. So, as a
US senator, my highest priority is to
help make Michigan a place where that
American dream is achievable again.
Today, too many middle Michiganers are
falling out of that middle class. Too
many families can't get in at all. I
live on my family farm in Holly,
Michigan. Growing up, I was surrounded
by families whose path to the middle
class ran through Michigan's factories,
our farms, our small businesses. We are
people who build things and grow things.
People proud of their role in
manufacturing Americans future. Our
cars, our tanks, our food. People who,
like my great-grandfather, were prepared
to work hard for success and often
achieved it. But over the years, I've
watched younger generations of those
same families live a very different
story. Parents can't provide for their
kids what was provided to them. That
fishing cabin up north that dad have,
this had, the son can't have. A trip to
Disneyland, can't do it. Across
Michigan, there are so many families who
feel like hard work doesn't seem to be
enough anymore.
No matter what your political views are,
it is just a fact that the middle class
has shrunk over the past 40 years.
And I've seen firsthand what happens
next. When people feel like they can't
get ahead, when they can't provide for
their kids what was provided for them,
they feel anger. They feel shame. They
lose their dignity. And they look for
something or someone to blame. In a
multi-racial, multithnic experiment in
democracy,
people end up blaming people who don't
look like them or speak like them or
pray like them. I've seen this up close
and personal, how that kind of anger and
suspicion can tear communities apart.
If you want to understand how we got to
this moment in our politics, this angry,
vitriolic, pa polarized moment in
American history, all you have to do is
understand that shrinking middle class.
So even among today's chaos, especially
now, there are things we have to do,
simple things to bring back that middle
class and make it thrive.
This is my northstar. It will guide my
work in the Senate.
Okay. So, how do we do that? Our
government certainly needs to change. I
don't think it's hard to understand that
our government is not working for a
majority of Americans, not just
Republicans, Democrats as well. And you
have to hear that loud and clear.
Fundamentally, I believe that government
needs to get back to the basics. No one
cares about your trick plays if you
don't have your fundamentals right.
Government needs to set the conditions
for success. And Michiganders and
Americans need to work hard to achieve
that success.
These basics are jobs that pay you
enough to save every month. Health care
you can actually afford, a home you can
call your own, schools that prepare our
kids for the workforce, energy to power
our lives, an environment we can pass on
to our kids, and safety and security
from fear. That is it.
First on jobs, we need job creation for
Michigan's middle class to create the
jobs of the future.
Imagine that the middle class is
basically a ship at sea. For the better
part of 40 years, it's been taking on
water and now we're about to hit a
category 5 hurricane in the form of
artificial intelligence.
Artificial intelligence has the
potential to change our economy more
than the internet did. Think about that.
Productivity will go up. Jobs will be
gained, but jobs will also be lost.
Maybe not Michigan jobs at first.
Entrylevel college jobs like parallegals
or accountants are probably first on the
list, but change is coming and we need
to be ready. Job creation in the era of
artificial intelligence means supporting
our small businesses. Small businesses
employ of half of all Americans. They
are in like intrinsic to the American
dream. It's about betting on yourself
and we need to own the fact that it is
hard to start and succeed as a small
business. We need to make life easier
for Michigan small businesses.
Second, we need to bring critical
industries and critical supply chains
back home to the United States.
Michiganers understand this better than
most because of what we do or in
manufacturing. No foreign country should
ever have a veto on our economic
security.
We should always make critical items
here in the United States. And I want to
bring as many of those jobs and
industries back to Michigan. And
finally, let us say it very clearly, we
need an immigration system that actually
works and is keyed to our economy.
Immigrants are critical for our labor
shortages in our factories, in our
hospitals, in our firms.
More than that, we are a nation of
immigrants. I'm standing here today
because my great-grandfather left fear
of pro of persecution and death at 13
years old and found a place in America.
So, we need an immigration plan that
brings legal vetted immigrants into our
countries keyed to our economy,
sometimes more, sometimes less. And we
need to have border security that
literally makes sense. Without
immigrants, there is no America. And
without immigrants, our economy will not
thrive.
Second on healthcare. Is there anyone in
America who thinks healthcare is
working? Is there anyone in America who
thinks we are paying too little for
healthcare? Is there anyone in America
who is missing the ground swell of anger
because we cannot provide the health
care we need to our parents and to our
children? Few things are as fundamental.
There are just in my mind few systems as
broken as healthcare in America in 2025.
And we all know it. This is again
extremely personal to me. It's why I a
ran for office in the first place. Of
all my time sent spent in war zones in
dangerous places, nothing was harder
than my mom being diagnosed with stage 4
ovarian cancer when she did not have
insurance.
There is nothing worse than that
desperate feeling when your parent, that
first parent to get sick, needs
emergency tests and emergency surgery.
And the same moment that you are
fighting to get those things, you are
struggling just to fill out the
paperwork so she won't go bankrupt.
We are at a breaking point. We must
change our health care and this is as
good a time as any. Every American
deserves access to healthcare they can
afford, regardless of your job,
regardless of your income or your age.
So I support a nationwide public
insurance plan at a reasonable place
price for every American.
Second, we got to be able to afford the
medicines that we are prescribed. Is
there anyone who thinks that we are
paying too little for our drug prices?
We need in every part of our healthcare
system to be able to negotiate the price
of our drugs. It's like Costco. You buy
in bulk, you get a lower per unit price.
And we are prohibited from doing that
across the country.
Why? Because I have never seen an issue
in Washington more polluted by lobbyists
and corporate pack donations than this
issue. I have never seen an industry
with more control over elected leaders
than on the issue of healthcare. Right
now I am one of six senators who doesn't
take corporate pack money. Six out of
100. It should be 100 out of 100. The
middle class does not have a lobbyist,
but they sure have the leaders that they
elected.
on housing.
There is nothing more foundational to
the American dream than having a home of
your own. It is as fundamental to us as
Americans as apple pie.
Right now, the average age of a
first-time homeowner in America is 40
years old. Completely different than in
generations before us. This is not a
good story. Today, we could declare in
this body a housing state of emergency.
We need 4 million units of housing built
in our country. That's a national
strategy, yes, but I want Michigan to be
ground zero for responding to the
urgency of that need. On education, we
need schools that actually prepare our
kids for the future.
So much of what we were able to do as a
middle class was be because people could
afford the education in front of them.
If you wanted to go to college, you
could. But in Michigan, you wanted to
work with your hands, succeed, go on,
become rich. Only if you had a high
school diploma, you could do that. There
were job options for you. We need an
obsessive focus and reorganization of
our job training federal programs. We
have 17 different organizations doing
job training. It's broken. We need to
focus on trade schools and
apprenticeships and an education system
that prepares us for what is coming, on
energy.
We all know we're using more energy.
Every single one of us in this room
right now are using more energy than we
did 10 years ago. Modern life is
demanding it, but supply isn't meeting
demand. And Michiganers are seeing that
hitting their wallets every single day.
If you don't plan now, it's going to get
worse. Rolling blackouts and brownouts
in a decade.
And what I'm asking for is not a
renewable energy plan or a fossil fuel
plan. It's an all of the- above energy
plan. Natural gas. You can't do it
without it. Nuclear, batteries,
renewables, solar, hydropower, new stuff
that's in creation right now. We need
all of it. And we can't be willing to
scrap certain energy because it's woke.
Anyone who disagrees with that is just
scoring political points and doesn't
give a damn about people's electricity
bills.
on the environment. I'm committed to
protecting the environment, especially
our water. In Michigan, clean water and
the Great Lakes are not partisan. It's
our heritage. It's in our blood. No
single Michiganer lives more than six
miles away from a lake or 82 miles from
a great lake. We all know the sound of
water hitting the beach or how the light
looks up north. Our water is why people
raised their kids in Michigan. and
sharing that legacy with our kids is the
dream that every Michigander has. We
have the responsibility of being the
stewards of the Great Lakes. So when our
water is threatened, when our kids are
poisoned, when they can't swim in
contaminated lakes, it's not just a
health issue, it's a security issue.
Lead, PAS, invasive species in our Great
Lakes. These are threats to us as
Michiganers, and it's my job to fight
these threats. And last, can we just say
that climate change is upon us? 20 years
ago, it was theor theoretical. Now,
Michiganders understand that extreme
weather is real. It is here. They feel
it in their pocketbooks. We have to
mitigate it. We have to accept it. And
we have to be ready to prepare ourselves
when we have these crazy ice storms,
these crazy once in a gener generation
tornadoes and move on and not exclude
people because they don't want to talk
about, you know, woke policies.
Safety and security. Finally, every
Michigander has the right to live free
from fear, to feel safe in their own
homes and in the country they love.
That's what got me into public service
in the very beginning, right after 911.
Shootings in our schools and our
businesses are a threat to our lives.
Our government and our computers, our
personal data shouldn't be hacked.
Neither should our cars or our homes.
And we should get to know and understand
always who is coming across our border.
We're a border state in Michigan. Every
country in the world has the right to
know who's coming inside its borders.
So, in the Senate, I'm going to spend my
time protecting American citizens as I
have always done. For that, we need the
best military in the world, one that
understands the threats that are coming
around the corner, not just the threats
of the past. We need to be able to
control our own fate. That means not
letting our national debt be controlled
by countries like China. And we need to
understand that to make people safe in
America, we need a strong leadership
role in the world because the next
hundred years are either going to be
dominated by the United States of
America or by China. And while we make
mistakes every single day, and I will
own that. I served in Iraq and I saw it
close up. I will take American
leadership over Chinese leadership any
day of the week.
So, in conclusion,
let me just say that we all know,
everyone here knows that we're going
through an extremely tough time in
American politics. We know that when
people look back on this period in
history, they are going to say that was
the moment that Americans were turned
against each other, when neighbors
turned against each other. But it is not
the end. And it is not always going to
be this way. As Michiganers, we
understand how to survive bad times. by
rallying together, by helping one
another, by living up to our Midwestern
values and getting back into the fight.
As elected leaders, and certainly as a
senator, I have a responsibility to
chart the path through the dark tunnel
and into the light. Not by just
complaining and winging that it's all
bad, but by charting a strategy from
beginning to end on how we get through
this moment. And we will. For God's
sakes, people, the Detroit Lions are
going to win the national championship
and the Super Bowl, and they were in the
toilet for years. So, it is my privilege
to stand on behalf of my state here. It
is the most important thing I've ever
done. It is the most impactful thing I
will ever do. It is my job as that next
generation of leader to change the
course of this place and this country.
And I commit to you, I will not let you
down. Thank you very much. I yield back.