# LIVE: Donald Trump hosts MAGA rally in Florida\n# Channel: Times News\n# Upload Date: 2024-07-10\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eojBR3JiL6Y\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:35:24\n\n================================================================================\n\ncold very cold summer
evening then right here in the middle of
the 10th Hall beautiful Hall isn't it
look at that Lake isn't it
beautiful on one of the greatest golf
courses on Earth and we really want to
thank all of the tens of thousands of
people that showed up this is a lot of
people this is a lot of
people as the world can see
we are under the leadership the
Republican party is bigger stronger more
vibrant and more united than ever ever
ever
before every day we are welcoming more
Americans to our ranks African Americans
Hispanic
Americans Asian Americans young people
old people union members non-union
members basically everyone is joining
our movement because it's a movement of
common sense it's Common
Sense whatever happened to Common Sense
in government we've got it we've got
more than anybody's ever had meanwhile
the radical left Democrat Party is
divided in chaos and having a fullscale
breakdown all because they can't decide
which of their candidates is more unfit
to be president sleepy crooked Joe Biden
or laughing
Camala laughing
Cala as you know in our recent debate
and in honor of all of you I dealt Joe
Biden even according to the fake news
media the most decisive and overwhelming
defeat in the history of presidential
debates I think so right I think
so and that was a big crowd that was
watching that was one of the highest
rated shows ever on television so I'm
honored to be a part of it I don't think
he's too happy but you know I like being
a part of it but even CNN said as I
walked off the stage that it was one of
the greatest performances they've ever
seen but it was sort of easy if you want
to know the truth our victory was so
absolute that Joe's own party now wants
him to throw in the towel and surrender
the presidency after a single 90minut
performance they want crooked Joe out of
the race it's a shame the way they're
treating him but don't feel sorry for
him he's a very bad guy he weaponized
government remember that he's a very bad
guy don't feel sorry for him so tonight
I'm officially offering Joe the chance
to redeem himself in front of the entire
world so Marco and Byron and everybody
here's what we're going to do you guys
can be referees if you like let's do
another debate this week so that sleepy
Joe Biden can prove to everyone all over
the world that he has what it takes to
be president but this time it will be
manto man no moderators no
holb just name the place anytime
anywhere and in the debate sleepy Joe
also declared that he wanted to test his
skills and
stamina against mine on the golf course
can you believe
this did you ever see him swing he's
like
this that's why this evening I am also
and this is in honor of you and
everybody here is a 45,000 people that's
a lot of
people I'm also officially challenging
cricet Joe to an 18-hole golf match
right
here onur's Blue Monster considered one
of the greatest tournament golf courses
anywhere in the world one of the Great
Courses of the world
it will be among the most watched
sporting events in history maybe bigger
than the Ryder Cup or even the
Masters and I will even give Joe Biden
10 Strokes aside 10 Strokes that's a lot
that means 20 Strokes in case you don't
play golf I will give him 10 Strokes
aside and if he wins I will give the
charity of his choice any charity that
he wants $1 million
and I'll bet you he doesn't take the
offer I would bet he because he's all
talk but what that match will do is
prove that Joe is in fact all talk and
no action but on many things not your
SCF when Pilots walk into the White
House he says he used to fly planes he
didn't when truckers come in he says he
used to drive a truck he didn't when
Jewish people
here he always attended synagogues he
said the Jewish people he didn't attend
a Sy did he ever see a synagogue he
doesn't know what a synagogue is when
black people come he spent his Sundays
in black
churches all of it's false all of it's
fake he's a fake unfortunately he was
like that in
Afghanistan he was like that with Russia
Ukraine and he was like that on October
7th and the attack in his he didn't know
what he was
doing but whatever else can be said
about crooked Joe Biden you have to give
him credit for one brilliant decision
probably the smartest decision he's ever
made he picked Camala Harris as his vice
president no it was
brilliant because it was an insurance
policy maybe the best insurance policy
I've ever seen Marco if Joe had picked
pick someone even halfway competent they
would have bounced him from Office years
ago but they can't because she's got to
be their second choice she has no choice
and no chance as vice president Cala
Harris was given two jobs two very
important jobs actually first she was
put in charge of the US border security
and the
border and she never showed up she's
never gone she never went there once and
the border is the worst Border in the
history of the world not just in the
number of years the worst we had the
best Border in history the is she has
the worst Border in the history of the
world and then she was sent to Europe to
deter Russia from attacking Ukraine how
did that work out not too good both
times the result was a deadly failure
since Kamala was made borders are the
Biden Harris Administration has lost
track of it
estimated 15 ,000 children many of whom
have undoubtedly been raped trafficked
killed or horribly abused I think of it
150,000 children are missing missing
they're gone nobody knows where they are
many are not with us any longer she's
100% for the green news scam supports
Banning the sale of gas powerered cars
who wants to drive an electric car for
the rest of your life does anybody
you don't want to drive for 45 minutes
and then stop for three hours is that
what you and once the American Energy
industry totally shut down starting with
Pennsylvania fracking and Texas drilling
no Drilling in Texas no fracking and
Pennsylvania we just got a poll from
Pennsylvania with 12 points up that's a
lot got a poll from Texas with 16 points
up and we have some great people from
Texas here tonight and as a senator
Camala sided with socialist Bernie
Sanders he's a real socialist he's
serious but not as bad as Biden turned
out to be Bernie's embarrassed by some
of the things that Biden did because
they push him
around it's the ultra far-left
government takeover of the entire Health
Care system and I don't think Camala
Harris's California socialism is going
to go down well with the people of Dural
the people of Miami or the people of
Florida
because in Florida we don't like
socialism we want our freedom right we
want our
freedom and we have a lot of people
Marco from Cuba from Venezuela from all
over and they don't want to hear about
Socialism or
communism thank you
despite all the Democrat Panic this week
the truth is it doesn't matter who they
nominate because we are going to beat
any one of them in thundering landslides
and this November is going to be amazing
going to be the most important election
in the history of our country because
our country's going down the tubes
that's a nice way of saying our country
is not doing too well we've never had
anything like it our borders our economy
the worst inflation ever we have the
politics of on our side we have the
policies on our side that will make
America great again and they don't they
will only continue to destroy our nation
our nation is being destroyed Joe kamla
and the entire Democrat establishment
have been caught red-handed in the thick
of the biggest Scandal and the biggest
cover up it's a cover up that's what it
is and I said it when they hit this guy
in the basement and then they cheated on
the election it's a cover up it's the
biggest cover up in political
history as you know they are all
co-conspirators in the Sinister plot to
defro the American public about the
cognitive abilities of the man in the
Oval Office sometimes he's there not
there often laughing Cala l a f f i an
apostrophe laughing laughing
Cala was in on it crazy Nancy Pelosi who
by the way is also very cognitively
impaired have you watched her lately
she's not doing too well she's not doing
too well she's I think she's worse than
Joe you want to know
that she was in on it crying Chuck sh
you ever see him cry he cries when he
the phoniest crying I've ever
seen crying Chuck Schumer was in on it
every Democrat Cabinet member was in on
it they all knew this guy was grossly
incompetent and every Democrat in the
house and the Senate was in on it it was
a scam the American people can never
trust this group of Liars ever again
that put our country at Great risk and
danger that's why we are going to sweep
them all out of office this
November I believe it'll be an election
like no other but the biggest problem
for the radical left Democrats is that
their candidates are very much if you
take a look mentally deficient is that a
nice statement they are mentally
deficient I'm saying that because the
other term is too tough the biggest
problem is that their policies are no
good their policies are horrible
Americans want strong borders not open
borders we want low taxes not high taxes
you know they want to increase your
taxes four times by four times we want a
strong military not a woke military and
we don't have a woke we have some woke
generals at top it they'll be gun so
fast your head will spin but we have a
great military we have a military that
defeated Isis in four weeks once I got
in we want no inflation not 30 or 50%
inflation which is what you had think of
it you were destroyed people were
destroyed with the inflation I don't
even order bacon anymore you know
Bacon's gone up like five I said it's
too expensive I don't want it I don't
want no it's gone up many times right
Byron likes bacon bacon I think maybe
how many stand up Byron Byron how good
is Byron
they say it's gone up four times since I
four times so we don't eat bacon anymore
right no more we want American Energy
Independence not all electric cars and
the green news scam it's the greatest
scam above all we want America First not
America last they want America last they
what they're doing to our country is not
even believable that's why Florida is
going to defeat the radical left
Democrat hoaxers and Liars on the
election day we are going to tell
crooked Joe Biden Joe you've done a
horrible job you're fired get out Joe
you fired
you know it's only 103 degrees out
here so you know they built all these
they call them sir we have many water
spots I said what about one for me do I
have one I don't have one Marco they
gave water spots everybody has a go a
water spot where water comes out you get
they don't have anything for me I'm
being drenched up
here with your vote I will begin saving
our country from every biting disaster
starting the moment I lift my hand from
the Bible after taking the oath of
office we're going to do it on day
one on day one we're going to do it I
will seal the Border Stop The Invasion
we have an invasion coming through our
Southern border and by the way you know
who want that you know who wants that
Invasion stop the most Hispanic people
because they don't want their jobs taken
they don't want their homes taken and
you know who it affects the most is
black people because these people are
coming in and taking jobs at a level
that nobody's ever seen before what
they've done to our country is
unbelievable but we want to send Joe
Biden's illegal aliens back home where
they belong remember remember as I said
they come from prisons they come from
jails all these countries are at record
low numbers of crime they're sending us
their criminals from Caracus and
Venezuela Caracus Venezuela next year
we'll meet in Venezuela because it will
be
safe their their crime has gone down 72%
because they've sent all of their drug
dealers their criminals and most of
their prisoners into our country but
that's true with most countries and if I
were running one of the countries
throughout the world not just in South
America I would be doing exactly the
same thing I would have done it faster
than they've done it but our country is
being destroyed two weeks ago it was
revealed that Biden and Harris have
allowed more than 50 radical Islamic
terrorist some of the worst in the world
by the way to cross our border and
remain at large in our country and we
have no idea where they are they have no
idea also where these terrorists are but
Joe and Kamala are simply carrying on
with business as usual holding
fundraisers taking afternoon naps and as
Joe says I want to go to the beach today
the guy thinks he looks good in the
bathing so did you
have well somebody in his staff told him
you look great at a bathing suit
he can't lift the chair you know those
chairs are meant for children and old
people to lift old people and children
and he can't lift them the way about 4
ounces when I'm president I promise you
this I will not rest until we have found
these radical Islamic terrorists and
throw them the hell out of our country
we're going to get them out of
here and we will not let them back in so
many people so many people very few were
thrown out but the ones they came back
in during this Biden Administration of
open borders who the hell wants open
borders how crazy is it under the Biden
border disaster other countries are
emptying out their prisons in their
jails they're emptying out their mental
institutions and I go a step further you
know what an I say iny is right did
anyone ever see the lovely movie Silence
of the Lambs did you see it did you ever
hear of Hannibal Lector he was a lovely
man he would love to have you for dinner
he will take you you had many people for
dinner well we have a lot of people
coming in they always say oh that's
terrible that Trump would say he is
rambling about Hannibal Lector no I'm
not rambling that's the we are allowing
people from insane asylums and mental
institutions into our country by the
tens of thousands and they're closing
them down in other countries you know
the cost savings and all of the savings
and sending bloodthirsty terrorists
Savage gang members and child Predators
into the United States to PR pray on our
people to pray on you to pray on
everybody they're coming not only from
South America but from all over the
world from Asia Africa and every other
place they're coming from all over the
world two weeks ago I spoke to The
Grieving mother Joselyn Nary a precious
12-year-old girl from Houston who is
tied up stripped assaulted raped
strangled to death after walking the
block to a 7-Eleven store on the corner
her body was dumped near the side of the
road in the shallow Creek charged with
joselyn's heinous murder beautiful
beautiful girl the mother is devastated
like I mean pretty much I would say over
the mother I don't know spoke to the
mother mother is just as you would be as
anybody would be but charge with
joselyn's heinous murder are two illegal
aliens who Joe Biden set loose into our
country he let them loose and they knew
who they were they came across our
border claiming they feared for their
lives no other people feeled for they
feared for their lives when they saw
these two guys they didn't fear at all
they had no fear tough they tough people
and Joe Biden and his group of people
let them in we're going to bring back by
the way we're bringing back Tom H and
we're bringing back all of the guys that
did such a great job in the Border we
had the greatest Border in history
Brandon Jud great people these are great
people one of them was in the country
for only 20 days before ending joselyn's
beautiful American life and recently in
Virginia at Trump National Golf Club in
the pomac river I had lunch with the
mother of and the sister of Rachel minen
Rachel was a 37y old beautiful mother of
five who was attacked raped and brutally
murdered while out on a run she was
running she always wanted to keep
herself in good shape her mother told me
she was a beautiful person police
believe the sadistic monster charged
with Rachel's death first killed another
woman in another country then fled
across Joe Biden's wide open border into
the United States after which he
attacked a 9-year-old girl and her
mother in a home home invasion in Los
Angeles before murdering Rachel in
Maryland when I return to the White
House we will stop the plunder rape
Slaughter and destruction of our
American suburbs and cities and towns
we're going to stop
it we will shut down deadly Sanctuary
cities I will shift massive portions of
federal law enforcement to immigration
enforcement we will close up our border
and we want people to come in but they
have to come in legally they have to
come in
Legally and a day one we will begin the
largest domestic deportation operation
in the history of our country we have no
and as I say and I say it all the time
and I already said it to you no one has
been hurt more by the Biden Invasion
than our great africanamerican and
Hispanic American populations under
crooked Joe
109% of all net job creation over the
last year has gone to migrants did you
know that almost every job that was
created has gone to migrants in fact
more than every job it's crushing wages
for American workers draining resources
for American citizens and stealing
American jobs and they are stealing them
at levels that nobody's ever seen before
Joe Biden wants to be the president for
illegal aliens but I will be the
president for law abiding Americans of
every background every Walk of Life and
every race religion color and Creed Joe
Biden's job numbers are fake they fake
numbers and the fake media knows it but
they don't look at all of them back
there oh that's a lot
Marco that's a lot
Marco I think they probably think I'm
going to be announcing that Marco is
going to be vice president I don't
because that's a lot of press That's a
lot of
press they're also overwhelmingly
part-time jobs which really means that
there are second jobs of people who are
struggling to get they're being taken by
the illegal migrants that are coming
into our country in these record numbers
we've never seen anything it it is
indeed an invasion when I return to the
White House I will once again be the
greatest jobs president that God has
ever
created and like we had five years ago
six years ago seven years
ago we will have full-time jobs at a
level that nobody's ever seen before we
had the greatest economy in the history
of the planet well-paying jobs and jobs
that can support a home and a family
very very easily we had it all as
everyone knows the Biden economy is a
nightmare for Working Families under
crooked Joe inflation price hikes and
they've cost listen to this
$28,000
$28,000 and you know under Trump you
made $114,000 that's a big swing under
Biden and Harris half of Americans are
not taking a vacation at all this summer
because they can't afford to do it most
say it's because the cost of daily life
is so high no matter what they make they
can't because you know they like to say
20% 29% 26% 31% I think your inflation
your real inflation is way over 50% and
I believe that meanwhile crooked Joe has
spent almost 50% of his presidency on
vacation almost all of it including many
many weeks on the beach and mansions are
in think of this here's a guy that's
been a politici all his life he's got
homes in the Virgin Islands Nantucket
Lake Tahoe kiaa Island I mean where the
hell did they get all this money
Byron he's got more homes than I do what
the hell is going on with
him and that home he's got in Delaware
is pretty nice right remember remember
they said it was it was his son's home
you know who his son is running it right
you know that right you know that he's
running our
government and Jill is helping Jill is
helping where's Hunter remember the sign
where's
Hunter where's Hunter he's in the White
House Hunter is in the white house
running government right now they
say that's interesting no wonder Joe
doesn't want to give up the his own
staff says that the
only hours he works are 10:00 a.m. to 4:
does anybody here have a job like that
raise your hand
please and I doubt he even spends that
and today he's with the people from NATO
and these people are sharp I know them
very well every one of them they're very
smart they're at the top of their game
and they're saying what the hell is with
this guy we don't we can't figure it out
you know I saved n because when I went
down
hey Barack Hussein Obama has anyone ever
heard of him he would go he would go and
you know go to wherever they're holding
the NATO meeting and he'd make a nice
speech and it'd leave and Bush would go
and make a nice speech and he would
leave in all fairness bush bush oh
yeah but he'd make a nice speech and
he'd leave they'd all go make speeches
and they'd leave they wouldn't even stay
there a day I went and didn't make a
nice speech I said what the hell are you
doing nobody's paying nobody was was pay
but I didn't want to be obnoxious
because I felt you know it's the first
time i' had ever done this I went I
didn't even know what the hell NATO was
too much before but it didn't take me
long to figure it out like about two
minutes and the first thing I figured
out was they weren't paying we were
paying we were paying almost fully for
NATO and I said that's unfair but I
didn't want to make a big mess you know
I was President for about 15 minutes and
I didn't want to you know go after NATO
is my first thing but months later I
went back to the second meeting and I
said you know what you're not paying
your bills you got to pay your bills
somebody stood up from one of the
countries 28 countries and only seven
were paying what they should be paying
28 countries think of that and these
countries now we added a couple but 28
countries and they said sir could I
asked you I said you have to pay your
bills they said sir may I ask you a
question if we don't pay our bills will
you protect us from Russia I said you
mean you're delinquent they said yes
we're delinquent let's say we're
delinquent would you protect us I said
no I will not protect you from Russia
the money came in by the billions it
came
in there's never been right there has
never been where's Walts where's
Congressman wals am I correct Mr K this
guy loves the military he gets sick when
he looks at what we're doing but he
loves it is that right I got billions
and billions hundreds of billions of
dollars came pouring in because he said
oh this guy's a little different than
the other guys but Joe Biden is a
part-time president while you are
working overtime to get by he's a
part-time he doesn't work well he can't
work because he's mentally no good he's
shot but he was shot 25 years ago you
know he was never a smart person in fact
Ted Kennedy was actually a friend of
mine can you believe it because of Palm
Beach he lived in Palm Beach the Kennedy
Compound for those that think the
Kennedy are struggling they had the
Kennedy Compound but I did him a favor
and he liked me and I was very good to
him actually and I said to him Ted let
me ask you a question who's the smartest
Senator tell me and he gave me a name
but I won't say it because I can't stand
the guy okay I'll tell you later Marco
who he said it wasn't you because you
weren't there yet so okay but I said
who's the smartest he gave me a name I
said so who's the dumbest he goes
probably
Joe this is like 20 years years ago 20
something years ago probably Joe I said
who's Joe he said Joe Biden I said
really he's a dumb guy yeah he didn't
understand policy he didn't understand
tax he didn't understand anything he's
hail and Hearty and well met and outside
of his really bad hair he's you know he
sort of a good-looking guy at the time
right I think the facelift did not help
him now he said I'm going to get myself
a facelift I'm going to give it one more
time try you know he tried it three or
four times didn't
work he tried it three or four times and
he said I'm going to look great I'm
going to get a faft you know what took
him so long to get into the race the
facelift didn't
work under my leadership we will make
America affordable again so that every
American family can afford to take a
thing called a vacation isn't that
nice and on day one we will throw out
bomic and replace it with a thing called
mag
omics we will quickly build the greatest
economy in the history of the world I
will repeal every disastrous Biden
regulation of which there are many
cancel crooked Show's insane electric
vehicle mandate how stupid and we will
drill baby drill we're going to drill
like we never
drilled we were energy independent four
years ago think of we're going to be
energy dominant within months four years
ago energy
independent I will deliver large tax
cuts larger than you even have now you
know I tell the story to people it's
hard to believe I reduced taxes the
largest tax cuts in the history of our
country I reduced them bigger than the
Reagan tax cuts many years ago and with
a lower rate the following year we took
in much more tax money think of it so
we're getting much less that meant for
small businesses large businesses
because that's what the job creators are
for Middle income people lowincome
people everybody and he wants to let
that expire and if you do your taxes are
going to go up about five times four
times to five times more how would you
feel if they raise your taxes by four or
five times not
too and remember that remember that when
you're going into the voting booth I do
I want to pay do I want to have a
terrible president who has no idea where
the hell he is and less importantly do I
want to pay four times more tax and
remember what I'm going to do is
something that nobody's ever even
thought about doing no tax on
tips for all of you waitresses for all
of you caddies at
Dural you know I I came to Durell and
there was some caddies at the Sha we
call it catty Shack it's the most
beautiful catty Shack I've ever seen we
have the world's most beautiful they sit
down watch
television and and uh I never had this
before they were out for a round they're
very sweaty very very sweaty guys you
know look they're carrying bags all over
the place not easy it's 100 degrees out
today 103
104 and they saw me and they gave me the
biggest hug I said get the hell out of
here you're soaking
wet I said why do you like me so much
today but in the past you never touched
me and kissed me and hugged me it's very
simple sir no tax on tips thank you very
much so for caddies for waitresses for I
mean it's tremendous and it's a very
complicated thing frankly uh for the
government to collect but they've issued
new rules and regulations that make it
very bad for people the reason I thought
of this I was in Nevada where we're
leading by the way a lot we're up by
like 14 points in Nevada that's supposed
to be a little bit Democrat territory
but we're leading in Nevada and a
waitress came over beautiful waitress
and I never like talking about physics
she's beautiful inside because you never
talk about a person's look ever you
never mention the other day I got very
angry some man called Chris Christie fat
and I said sir and then he said he was a
pig I said sir Chris Christie is not a
fat pig please remember that he is not a
fat pig please take it back and the
guy's looking at me like really no we
have to defend people you can't go
people
fat so I said about nine times he is not
a fat pick so every time you leave a tip
for the next four months because it's
going to go into effect very quickly
make sure that you write on the receipt
vote Trump for no tax on trips no tax on
tips that's a good one no but the
waitress said I said how are you doing
she said worked there a long time great
person beautiful person and she said oh
it's brutal with the government what
they do to us it's crazy they come you
know they put on 88,000 people to go and
take advantage of people like that and
she said it's brutal I said you know I
have a great idea how about no tax on
tips that was the extent of my study one
waitress but it's true it made so much
isn't it funny that nobody ever thought
of that but me isn't that weird but it's
a great thing and they deserve their
money they work hard for it they deserve
it they deserve it Marco you're going to
vote for it I hope well you may or may
not be there to vote for it but you'll
be
involved it's no wonder Joe Biden and
his thugs are so desperate to stop us
they know that we are the only ones who
can stop them that's why they are
weaponizing law enforcement against
their opponents they are turning America
into communist Cuba or socialist
Venezuela by the way Venezuela is much
more than socialist by now you know that
right we got who's here from
Venezuela who's here from Cuba
you know I had it all done with Cuba I
was going to if they didn't rig the
election within six months we were going
to have that all worked out they were
ready then Biden came in right then
Biden came in he opened it up it's a
disgrace trying to silence descent and
put their political adversaries Behind
Bars he wants to put me behind bars my
parents are looking down saying this was
not planned when he went to the Wharton
School of
Finance the great alons Capone you know
know alons he very nice gentleman very
fine man Scarface they call him in some
territory here's a scar from here to
here he didn't get it by playing titly
Winks either now he was a guy that see
this man right up here he's a very tough
guy I know him tough as hell if he ever
had dinner with Al Capone and Al Capone
didn't like him he'd look at him and say
are you mocking me and this guy would go
no no I promise I'm not but if alons
didn't like you you'd never see him
again darling your husband would never
be home again he'd right now be a part
of a foundation of a very tall
building but Al Capone got indicted less
than I did think of it alons Capone my
parents would look down they were so
great they're saying how did this ever
happened to my son but you know what
we're finding out and everybody knew and
I've been saying it's a total fraud it
was election interference that's all it
was all Biden they're all Biden
indictments the local ones the state
ones they're all Biden indictments
they're bad guys
and he's Unleashed a horrible thing on
this country he's really done wouldn't
you say Baron he has Unleashed a
horrible thing because you know that can
happen the other way around too but the
Supreme Court came out with an
incredible decision this week and it was
I have great respect for the courage
that they've
shown great great respect for the
courage that they they've shown they
have they have great intellect and great
uh Insight incredible Insight they got
it they saw what was happening not only
with me but with other people what they
did with the Fisher verdict you know the
Fisher verdict right that has to do with
the j6 people they
had great great great decisions this
last week decisions on regulations that
are going to free up businesses and
allow businesses to hire people and
Thrive all of their
persecution is only happening because I
am running for president and leading
very big in every single poll and we're
not just leading against
crooked Joe Biden we're leading against
Kamala and we're leading against
everybody else and our Senators and our
congressmen are coming in with us we're
going to have a big big day most
important day the radical left Democrats
have spent this entire election posing
his Defenders democracy you ever hear
Biden ah he's a threat to democracy he
doesn't even know what the hell the term
is he's Trump is a threat to
democracy this guy low IQ he's a low IQ
individual but they are lying in the
entire world at Joe Biden's condition I
mean you see his condition you see them
frantically trying to overturn the
results of 50 state primaries and
install a new candidate at the behest of
their very rich donors do you know that
we took in record numbers over the last
four weeks and most of it was taken in
with small donors $61 on average $61 and
those people vote but the Democrats I
think that their funding is stopping
because I think they they're rich donor
they have a lot of Rich donors we have
some but we we don't really focus on it
we focus on the small donor very to me
one thing every small donor votes the
rich donors there in Monte Carlo during
the election you know how's the election
going Joe Biden is a threat to democracy
he's really he is a major threat to
democracy and Democrats are the ones who
really want to destroy democracy in our
country the radical left Democrats
rigged the presidential election in 2020
and we're not going to allow them to rig
the presidential election in
2024 and every time the radical left
Democrats marxists Communists and
fascists indict me I consider it a great
badge of honor I do because I'm being
indicted for you never forget our
enemies want to take away my freedom
because I will never let them take away
your freedom it's as simple as
that it's a lot of
fun it's a lot of fun being indicted
thank you I didn't know what does it
mean to be
indicted thank you
they want to silence me because I will
never let them silence you and in the
end they're not after me they're after
you I just happen to be standing in
their way and I always will be standing
in their
way we're not going to let happen to our
country what's happened to so many
countries that many of you people were
very much involved in through your
parents and grandparents you know what
happened to so many of those countries
we're thrilled to be joined tonight by
many Fantastic Florida Patriots
including a man who's become really a
friend of my we had our vicious campaign
for a while and he was tough and he was
smart and I got to really know him well
over the years and he's a fantastic guy
Senator Marco Rubio
Marco thank you
Marco thank you and you have a great
tandem because you have another great
senator who was a great Governor
fantastic Governor Senator Rick Scott
thank you Rick thank you thank you
Rick we have a lot of congressmen let's
introduce it what the hell else do we
have to do right should we
introduce and by the way at the end do
you want the music or do you want no
music music ready
music or no music ready who wants the
music
who wants a little bit quicker no
music I think we have music tonight get
the music ready get the music
ready we have some incredible talented
Warriors Representatives Corey Mills
Corey thank you thank you Cory great guy
Brian Mast we love
Brian thank you
Brian Mike Waltz thank you Mike doing
great a man I'm not going to get into a
fight with him anytime soon Byron
Donalds who's
fantastic his wife by the way is a true
expert on education I say stay ready
thank you Dar thank you thank you Dar
for being here appreciate it great great
great person Maria
Salazar thank you Maria great thank you
very much Carlos Jimenez
Carlos good
man Mario Diaz
Bellard thank you thank you great
job you have a fantastic lieutenant
governor is here Janette Nunes Janette
thank you very much
thank you thank you Janette thank
you and Florida State Senators Debbie
Mayfield thank you thank you Debbie
thank you very much Ilana
Garcia thank you Anna Maria
Rodriguez thank you great people state
representatives Jessica Baker
Randy fine where's Randy fine good
thanks Randy Kevin
steel Paula Stark Juan Carlos
porus Alina
Garcia David
barrero Fabian
BBE Fabian thank
you Tom
Fabo thank you Tom thanks Tom Vicky
Lopez
a very good guy
fantastic person great politician
frankly but he loves the state incoming
speaker of the Florida house Danny
Perez thank you Danny good job good luck
Danny that should be an easy job good
luck and Alex Rizzo thank you Alex very
much a person who I know personally does
a fantastic job as the mayor of Dural
Christie
froger thank you Kristen thank you
darling thank you great job appreciate
it vice mayor Oscar pug
corvey Oscar vice mayor thank you Oscar
councilwoman digna cabal thank you thank
you very
much Sweet Water mayor Jose Pepz I've
known him a long
time Pepe Western mayor Margaret Brown
thank thank you Margaret well we got a
lot of Po you have you no idea I'm I'm
introducing about 25% we did it by the
luck of the draw Miami Dade County
Commissioners Kevin
Cabrera and JC bermudes JC thank you
great people great politicians but good
politicians the next Miami Dade County
Sheriff Rosie Gordo
STS thank you Rosie good Lu she has my
endorsement thank you thank you
Ambassador Carlos tro
Carlos Carlos truo thank you Carlos
great job you're doing a friend of all
of ours and a w this woman is amazing
Laura lumer where is she where is Laura
she is
amazing Felix lorte Felix where is Felix
my lawyer he's my lawyer how am I doing
am I getting the damn zoning done
see he's doing a great job and my sons
and we have one of my sons this is the
first time he's ever done it first of
all one you know and he's a incredible
guy he's very tough he's very very
strong great speaker great talent Donald
Trump Jr
and another son who's here tonight I
love when my sons and family come you
know it's really nice somebody who's
fantastic works so hard so smart has a
great wife a great wife as does
Don oh you like Laura
right let's get off Eric and let's talk
about Laura Laura is only the head of
the Republican party she's upwardly
mobile she's up L
mobile but a man who's done an
incredible job at the company and there
I think there has never been a human
being that's had more subpoenas every
day Congress would serve a subpoena on
him and he has done some job I'll tell
you Eric
Trump thank you great job and a very
young man this is a young man he just
turned 18
oh look at
this a very young
man who's now going to college got into
every College he wanted to and he made
his
choice and he's a he's a very good guy
I'll tell you you know I'm not allowed
to call them boy but he is my boy he's
my boy they're all my boys right when
you Sons they could be any age there're
your boy they're always going to be and
he's a very special guy Baron Trump this
is the first time he's ever done this
Baron where is
Baron stand up look at him
that's the first time he's done it
that's the first time right hey you're
pretty popular I he might be more
popular than Don and Eric we got to talk
about this hey Don we got to talk about
this huh all right so Baron it's good to
have you welcome to the scene Baron I
don't
know he had such a nice easy life now
it's a little bit changed anyway a
special guy
right also some grandchildren who are
very talented uh two of them are great
golfers really great golfers you all
know about Kai where is Kai
Kai and a real little killer she hits a
long ball for her size she can barely
lift the club until she swing she her
swing is perfect
Chloe and Don Junior's here here
somewhere I think uh Vanessa is here oh
there he is good hi
Don what a good
group Vanessa Trump stand
up thanks thank you Don Jr that's
good Don theii and also uh a real friend
of the family she's been friendly you
know she started off in the five years
ago and she made that show very
successful she was the star of that show
actually and she was always good to me a
long time long before I knew her in this
capacity and uh she was really a big
star on television very very big the
five when it was when it just in its
infancy and it was hot as it could be
Kimberly gilfoil thank you
Kimberly and she hasn't
stopped so thank you all for being here
and I know I didn't uh introduced many
many congressmen and likes of others but
I think we have to get back to the
business at
hand is it too hot for anybody no that
bad once you get used to the fact that
you're soaking
wet from the moment we take back the
White House from crooked Joe Biden I
believe we are going to have the four
greatest years in the history of our
country before I even arrive at the Oval
Office shortly after we we all of us
together win the presidency I will have
the horrible war between Russia and
Ukraine settled and I will prevent our
nation and we will prevent the whole
world from entering World War III
because that's where we are we're very
close to World War II and Biden doesn't
have a
clue we should have never allowed if you
think about it Russia Ukraine would have
never happened October 7th the attack on
Israel would have never happened
inflation would have never happened
think of our country if the election was
rigged think of it think where we'd be
if they didn't rig that election so
we're not going to let it happen again
because our country won't exist it would
be the LA I believe it would be the last
election we've ever had if anything
happened I really believe it we're not
going to let that happen you got to get
out and vote if I was President though
the and think of it Afghanistan one of
the most embarrassing moments in the
history of our country would also never
have happened it would have never
happened you know Ukraine when you think
Ukraine I had it very good relationship
with Putin we talk about it was the
apple of his eye would have never
happened I told him can't do it you're
not going to do it October 7th the
attack on Israel I knew it so well they
had no money because the PVE of funds
was Iran and Iran was
broke they had all sorts of sanctions
nobody could buy China couldn't buy
China was a massive buyer of oil from
Iran I said if you buy from Iran you
can't do business in the United States
and they did very well in the United
States and they didn't buy nobody but
Iran was broke they had no money for
Hezbollah they had no money for Hamas
and we had no Terror you know I always
wanted to talk about it when I was
President I was three years in three and
a half years in I said I want to just
brag a little bit I want to say that we
had no Terror there were no Terror
attacks in four years but I wanted to
brag about it but I wanted to wait till
I got out and now I brag about it all
the time we had had very few terrorists
allowed into our country we had a year
2019 where the charts come out how many
terrorists enter the country now I think
they're wrong because I can't believe it
but they actually had no terrorist zero
terrorist came in 2019 that was the
Trump year now we have thousands and
thousands of terrorists pouring into our
country from all over the world and
they're the worst terrorist in the world
they're the biggest and the worst and we
got them living in our country they
actually put down 2019 Trump no
terrorist zero I don't believe that but
that's what they have and that was done
by border patrol and others State
Department I'll take it I don't believe
it but it was very close to nothing and
they actually have zero terrorists came
into our country we were tough on it and
we would not have Russian warships and
nuclear submarines surrounding Cuba 60
miles off our Coast you know that right
for all of you people in Cuba
congratulations you're now being
protected by Russia congratul ulations
can you imagine that the press the fake
news those people they don't even talk
about we have nuclear submarines and
five warships in Cuba and they don't
even talk about it if that happened to
me as president it would be the biggest
story every single day but they don't
talk about it because they're fake and
corrupt
news when I was in the White House I
cancelled Barack Hussein Obama's deal
with the Cuban dictatorship and reimpose
tough sanctions on that regime they were
ready to break they were all set and now
we had the election taken away robbed
rigged Joe Biden has gone weak and soft
on Cuban Communists as you know you know
better than anybody so many of you here
and he's abandoned the brave Cuban
dissidents while the Cuban people are
suffering starving and dying in Cuba
would have been all solved very quickly
as president I will again stand with the
people of Cuba in their long Quest For
Justice Liberty and
freedom in my next term we will build a
great Iron Dome over our country a dome
like has never been seen before a
state-of-the-art missile defense Shield
that will be entirely made in the USA
right here in right here in your
state right here in Florida we'll build
a big section you have a lot of Defense
we moved a lot of companies into Florida
for defense purposes I will not cut one
penny from Social Security or Medicare
and I will not raise the retirement age
by one day Biden is going to do that
because he's allowing these people that
come in to go onto Social Security and
Medicare to go into the hospitals and
you know we want to be nice but no
country can sustain this no country can
sustain it I kept that promise for four
years and I will keep it again we have
plenty of other resources we're not
going to touch Social Security or
Medicare if the millions of Biden
migrants became citizens Medicare and
Social Security will be gone they'll be
gone they'll be gone we're going to
rebuild our cities into beacons of Hope
safety and Beauty better than they have
ever ever ever been before we will take
over the horribly run capital of our
nation in Washington Washton DC and
clean it up renovate it and rebuild our
capital city so that it's no longer a
nightmare of murder and crime but rather
it will become the most beautiful
Capital anywhere in the world right now
if you leave Florida oh let's go darling
let's look at the Jefferson Memorial
let's look at the Washington Monument
let's go and look at some of the
beautiful scenes and you end up getting
shot mugged raped we're going to take
over our capital and we're going to run
a tough and smart and we're going to
beautify it we're going to get all the
Graffiti Off The Marble we're going to
fix the roads and the medians which are
falling down all over the streets we're
going to make our Capital beautiful
again we're going to do the same thing
with our cities even though Democrat run
we're going to work with Democrat
Governors and Mayors if we have to on
day one I will sign a new executive
order to cut Federal funding for any
school pushing critical race Theory
transgender insanity and other
inappropriate racial sexual or political
content onto the lives of our
children and I will not give one penny
to any school that has a vaccine mandate
or a mask
mandate and I will keep men out of
women's
sports can you
imagine can you imagine even having to
say that I will fully uphold the Second
Amendment we will protect IND life and
we will restore free speech in our
country and I will secure our elections
once and for all our goal will be one
day voting with paper ballots proof of
citizenship and voter ID very
simple but until then Republicans must
win you must get out and vote we want a
landslide and let's call it this too big
to rig too big to rig thank
you look at all the front row Joe's oh
wow wow they they've been to like 200
rallies thank you very much it's great
honor to have you great it's a great
honor these are real Patriots they make
a lot of money I guess because they're
at every rally I go to California I have
a rally I have the front row Joe's there
if you took the 10 worst Presidents in
the history of the United States and
added them up they would not have done
near the destruction to our country as
Joe Biden and the Biden Administration
has done think of it I used to say five
remember six months ago I'd say five
where I added 10 I could go higher than
that there's nobody that's done
destruction to our country and now we
find out he probably doesn't even know
he did it
okay Joe why did you do it I do what do
what did I
do so if you want to save America get
your friends get your family get
everyone you know and vote you got a to
vote early vote absentee vote on
Election Day vote anytime you want but
vote and follow your vote make sure that
it gets counted you can do that follow
that vote because these people cheat
like nobody's ever cheated before
frankly they're no good at policy but
they're good at cheating and if you want
to help us ensure election Integrity
sign up at protectthe vo.com
so in conclusion from Jacksonville to
Miami from
Tampa to
Tallahassee from the beautiful place
that I know very well destined to write
here in Dural we inherit the legacy of
generations of American Patriots who
gave their Blood Sweat and Tears to
defend our country and our freedom we
stand on the shoulders of American
Heroes who crossed the ocean settled the
continent Tamed the Wilderness laid down
the railroads raised up those great
beautiful skyscrapers won two world wars
and from right here in this beautiful
state launched our brave American
astronauts to plant the stars and
stripes on the face of the Moon together
they made America into the single
greatest nation in the history of the
world
let
but now we are a nation in Decline we
are a failing Nation we are a nation
that has the highest inflation in 50
years we're banks are collapsing and
interest rates are
skyrocketing likewise we are a nation
where energy costs have reached the
highest levels in our history we are no
longer energy independent or energy
dominant as we were just a few short
years ago we are a nation that is
begging Venezuela and others for oil
please please please help us Joe Biden
says and yet we have more liid gold
under our feet than any other country
anywhere in the world we are a nation
that just recently heard that Saudi
Arabia and Russia will be reducing their
oil production while at the same time
substantially increasing the
price and we met that threat by
announcing that we will no longer be
drilling for oil in large areas of
Alaska and elsewhere in our precious
land we are a nation that is considered
and consumed Med by the radical left's
green new deal yet everyone knows that
the green new scam is fake and will lead
only to our destruction we are a nation
whose leaders are demanding all electric
cars despite the fact that they don't go
far cost too much and whose batteries
are produced in China with materials
only available in China when an
unlimited amount of gasoline is
available inexpensively in the United
States but not available in China and
now we are a nation that wants to make
our revered and very powerful army tanks
the best in the world all electric so
that despite the fact that they are also
not able to go far fewer pollutants will
be released into the air as we blast our
way through enemy territory in an
environmentally friendly way and they
also want to make our great jet fighters
with a green stamp of Energy savings
though losing 15% efficiency but
allowing us to keep our enemy's
atmosphere clean of emissions as we
viciously and unceremoniously attack
them at levels never seen before who are
these people who are these fools that
would do this to us who are these people
who would ruin our country we are a
nation that ended oil exploration and
production in the the United States just
as the price of oil reached at all-time
high what other country would do such a
stupid thing a foolish thing and
self-destruct itself just like we've
done for four years can we be energy
independent and even energy dominant
again yes oh yes and quickly says
president Trump yes oh yes and we will
do it quickly we are a nation that
surrendered in Afghanistan leaving dead
soldiers American citizens and $ 85
billion worth of the finest military
equipment anywhere in the world we left
it behind and also abandoning bogram one
of the biggest military bases anywhere
in the world and only one hour away from
where China makes its nuclear weapons
and we are a nation that allowed Russia
Ukraine to fight killing hundreds of
thousands of people and it will only get
worse it would never have happened with
me as your president and for four
straight years it didn't happen likewise
the horrifying attack on Israel would
have never happened they wouldn't even
have thought of doing such a thing if
president Trump was in the elal office
Iran was broke under the Trump
Administration they didn't have the
money to fund tamas Hezbollah and all of
the other instruments of Terror that
they use but those sanctions were lifted
by a corrupt Biden Administration and
now Iran is a rich country with $250
billion think of that Iran now has from
nothing they were broke they now have
$250
billion $6 billion they also got for
hostages $6 billion and for electricity
to Iraq they were given1 billion doar
all compliments of an incompetent Biden
Administration and China with Taiwan is
next we are a nation that allows radical
left terrorists to violently attack our
cities leaving behind massive
destruction and death and nothing
happens to the criminals that do these
terrible things there is no punishment
but when people who love our country
protest on January 6th in Washington
they become hostages unfairly imprisoned
for long periods of time but fortunately
the Supreme Court has just ruled and
they should be out
soon we are a third world nation that
has weaponized its law enforcement
against the opposing political party
like never seen before in our country
we've got a Federal Bureau of
Investigation that won't allow bad
election changing facts to be presented
to the public and which offers $1
million to a writer of fiction about
Donald Trump to lie and to say it was
fact where Hunter Biden's laptop from
hell was Russian disinformation and the
FBI knew it wasn't but 51 intelligence
agents said it was and a department of
justice that refuses to investigate
egregious acts of voting irregularities
and fraud and we have a
man who is totally corrupt totally
incompetent and the worst president in
the history of our country who is
cognitively impaired and is a president
who is not legally allowed to stand
trial because he is mentally incompetent
but he is allowed to become the
president of the United States again and
he is in no condition to lead and is now
in charge of dealing with Russia and
China and all of these countries on
possible nuclear war he has no clue what
he's doing or where he is
and next will be World War I because he
doesn't know what he's doing and this
will be a war more devastating than any
of the other Wars it will be a war like
no other because of the Weaponry that no
one wants to even think about or ever
talk about we are a nation that no
longer has a free and fair press fake
news is all you get and they are indeed
the enemy of the people they refuse to
discuss the Biden crime family but enjoy
covering the false indictments of Donald
J Trump who has done nothing wrong
except win an election against crooked
Hillary
Clinton we are a nation where free
speech is no longer allowed and where
crime is rampant and out of control like
never before we are a nation that is
allowing Iran to build a massive nuclear
weapon and China to use the trillions
and trillions of dollars it has taken
from us to build a military to rival our
own and less than four years ago we had
Iran China Russia North Korea all in
check they respected us they were afraid
of us they weren't going to do a thing
against us and everyone knows it now
Russia and China are holding Summits to
carve up the rest of the world world and
perhaps most importantly we are a nation
that is no longer admired respected or
listened to on the world stage they just
are we are a nation in fact that in many
ways has become a joke and we are a
nation that is hostile to Liberty
Freedom faith and even to God we are a
nation whose economy is collapsing into
a Cess pool of Ruin and whose supply
chain is broken whose stores are not
stocked whose deliveries are not coming
and whose educational system is ranked
at the very bottom of every single list
we are a nation that just sold a once
great company United States Steel to
Japan we are a nation whose stock
market's continued success is contined
and contingent on Maga winning the next
election if Maga doesn't win the next
election you will have
a
1929 type depression we are a nation
where large packs of sadistic criminals
and thieves are allowed to go into
stores and openly Rob them beat up and
kill their workers and customers and
leave with armloads of goods but with no
retribution where the authority of our
great police has been taken where their
families and pensions have been
threatened and their lives would be
destroyed for the mere mention of the
word words law enforcement we are a
nation where fentol and all other forms
of illegal drugs are easier to get than
groceries to feed our beautiful families
and babies we have become a drug
infested crimer ridden nation which is
incapable of solving even the simplest
of problems we will institute the
powerful death penalty for drug dealers
where each dealer is responsible for the
death during their lives of 500 people
or more mothers will never again be
forced to watch their children
overdosing and hosing and we will never
allow mothers to watch their child
hopelessly dying in their arms screaming
what can I do what can I do help me God
what can I do we are a nation whose once
revered airports are a dirty crowded
mess you sit and wait for hours and then
are notified that the plane won't leave
that they have no idea when they will
where ticket prices have tripled they
don't have the pilots to fly the planes
they don't see qualified air traffic
controllers and they just don't know
what the hell they are doing we are a
nation that screens the citizens
viciously at all ports but if you are an
illegal alien you are allowed to flow
through by the millions and millions
right over our Southern border we are a
nation that has lost its confidence lost
its willpower and lost its strength we
are a nation that has lost its way but
we are not going to allow this horror to
continue less than four years ago we are
a great nation and we will soon be a
great nation
again with the right leadership every
disaster Joe Biden has created can be
fixed and quickly every problem can be
solved and every wrong can be rectified
and it will be rectified very quickly by
this time next year America's borders
will be strong sealed and secure
inflation will be in full Retreat our
economy and our economy will be at a
level that will equal and even surpass
what it was four years ago optimism will
be surging the American dream will be
thriving again for citizens of every
race religion color and Creed Law And
Justice will reign all throughout our
land Freedom will be restored the flame
of Liberty will be burning bright Joe
Biden the worst president in the history
of our country will be a fading memory
of the past and our great silent
majority including the once forgotten
men and women of our country will be the
one shaping America's magnificent future
when I am the 47th president of the
United States
because we are all Americans and
together we will show November 5th to be
the most important day in the history of
America We Are One movement one people
one family and one glorious nation under
God and together we will make America
powerful
again we will make America wealthy
again we will make America strong
again we will make America proud
again we will make America safe
again we will make America free
again and we will make America great
again thank you Florida thank you very
much
thank you Miami God bless everyone God
bless you all thank
you and down and I trouble and I to
on my
way you get I will
I'm
oh
I'm
oh
I'm I'm look at
it she got to do my
I don't
you be said