# Donald Trump campaign rally in Chesapeake, Virginia, one day after first 2024 presidential debate\n# Channel: 13News Now\n# Upload Date: 2024-06-28\n# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7R8UVSvqJRQ\n# Language: en (auto-generated)\n# Extraction Method: youtube_api\n# Confidence: 80.0%\n# Extracted: 2025-08-21 08:30:36\n\n================================================================================\n\nthe
ladies and Gentlemen please welcome the
next president of the United States
President Donald J
Trump free and I won forget the who died
who gave that to me and I gladly stand
up next to you and defend her still
today
therein no doubt I love this
land God Bless the
USA in Chesapeake right now at the
historic Greenbrier Farms this is his
first campaign stop less than 24 hours
after the presidential debate that took
place last night in Atlanta we want to
listen in to hear some of what he has to
say he has just arrived there waving at
uh some of his supporters there
thousands of people are there we know
that Governor Glenn yunan has already
spoken as well as congresswoman Ken Jen
kiggins spoke a little bit earlier and
those people have been out there for
hours now because doors opened at 11:00
a.m. and his speech was supposed to be
at 3:00 this afternoon but obviously
logistically he had to push it back so
he is just now getting there to the
historic Green Brier Farms we're going
to listen in in just a moment so let's
hear some of the fanf fair that's going
on right
now God Bless the
USA and I'm Proud To Be An americ where
at least I know
free and I won foret the who died who
gave that to me and I gladly stand
up next to you and defend her still
today CU there ain't no doubt I love
this
land God bless for you
thank you very much thank you thank you
hello Virginia did
anybody last night watch a thing called
a
debate man that was a big one but as you
saw on television last night we had a
big victory against a man that really is
looking to destroy our country he's the
worst he's the most corrupt the most
incompetent president in the history of
our
country and we have to take it back from
that party that's an evil party despite
the fact that crooked Joe Biden spent
the entire week at Camp David resting
working studying he studied very hard he
studied so hard that he didn't know what
the hell he was
doing he got the
rules that he wanted he got the date
that he wanted he got the network that
he wanted with the moderates he wanted
no amount of rest or rigging could help
him defend his atrocious record it's not
defensible I don't care who you were you
could be the late great Clarence Darrow
has anyone ever heard of Clarence Darrow
he was known as quite a good
debater not as good as your Governor but
that's okay
hello Governor I can't miss this guy in
the
crowd but his son's much better looking
that
him Joe Biden's problem is not his age
it's not
his anything really it's got no problem
other than it's his
competence he's grossly incompetent you
know they keep saying old I know people
that are much older than him that are
doing unbelievable things making a
fortune I knew a man that had
79 he was never a success and he made a
billion billion and a half dollars from
79 to
92 and that's what it is it's not his
age it's his
competence he's not respected anywhere
in the world our country is being
laughed at all over the world Biden is
using the weaponization of his justice
department the FBI Local District
Attorneys and Attorneys General to try
and win an election against his
political opponent that happens to be me
you know who I am something that
actually was Unthinkable in our nation
which is very common in third world
countries or in banana republics that's
what he's doing he's using law
enforcement to try and hurt his
political opponent every one of those
things last night you saw that was all
started by this guy this crooked guy and
not only I crooked I mean just so bad in
so many ways he's killing our country
he's incapable of winning based on his
far-left policies of open borders
massive tax increases the green news
scam that's a windmill on every corner
most of which don't work and things like
putting men in women's sports really not
a great
idea as as every American saw firsthand
last night this election is a choice
between strength and weakness competence
and incompetence peace and prosperity or
war or no war they like a war they love
Wars you know they love killing people
it's so wonderful you know I'm the only
president in many many decades that
didn't start a war I finished one I beat
Isis in record
time as soon as I left we had the uh
situation where Russia went into Ukraine
they would have never done that and
where Israel's attacked and then we had
inflation and and then we had that
horrible horrible event that took place
in Afghanistan the worst I think the
most embarrassing moment in the history
of our country and it's a choice though
between a president who puts America
first or a train wreck who puts America
last they put America last actually the
Democrats put America last you take a
look at that look at a guy like Senator
Schumer I've always known him I've known
him a long time I come from New York I
knew schmer he's he's become a
Palestinian he's a Palestinian now
congratulations he was very loyal to
Israel and to Jewish people he's Jewish
but he's become a Palestinian because
they have a couple of more votes or
something nobody's quite figured it out
a vote for Joe Biden is a vote for faure
surrender and disaster for our country a
vote for your all-time favorite
president president Donald J Trump
is a vote for stopping Joe Biden's
inflation stopping the Border Invasion
and very simply making America great
again it will make America great
again you see these beautiful women I'm
not allowed to use the term beautiful as
a politician in fact it could be the end
of my career if Glenn ever ran against
me he'd say he called women beautiful
and that could be the end of my career
but they're beautiful what am I going to
do I can't lie but do you see these
beautiful women up here they come from a
place called North Carolina we all love
North
Carolina and this is their
127th
rally and it's hard to believe I seldom
see their husbands their husbands but
they're happily married I said are you
all happily married they love their
husbands you love your husbands they put
up with a lot huh no they're very
happily married women but it's 127 but
I'll tell you front row Joe's even have
that they're about 200 and something
right they must have made a lot of money
somewhere along the along the line do my
people treat you good huh they better
treat you good front row Joe's they
become very
famous the question every voters should
be asking themselves today is not
whether Joe Biden can survive a 90minut
debate performance
but whether America can survive four
more years of crooked Joe Biden in the
White
House in fact I don't know if we can
really survive five more months this is
the most dangerous time in the history
of our country in my opinion and we have
a transition period because hopefully
there has to be a
transition we've never been so close to
World War III before and if it happens
it will be a war like no other this
because of the threat of certain types
of weapons we don't even want to mention
the word but because of the type of
weapons that you're talking about today
and I know them better than anybody you
know I built our military I I totally
rebuilt our military I know more about
weapons than just about
anybody and when you look at the
incredible destructive power of these
weapons this will be a war like no other
this will not be two army tanks running
against each other and shooting this is
going to be something the likes of which
we've never seen and we have a man who's
grossly incompetent heading up our
nation and he's competing against Putin
and president she of China and Kim
Jong-un of North Korea he's competing
against people that are at the top of
their game and he was never really at
the top of his game he was never very
good but now he's really not good last
night was a defeat not only for Biden
but for the entire radical left Democrat
party and the fake news media who have
been lying to the American people as our
country was being destroyed the fake
news me look at all of them back there
look at all of
them that's a lot of
cameras that's a lot of cameras that's a
lot of camera
power the Joe Biden on stage yesterday
was the same Joe Biden who gave us open
borders crushing inflation rampant crime
two new Wars a disastrous Afghanistan
embarrassment most embarrassing moment
in the history of our country and the
international
humiliation think of it one after
another International humiliation one
after another nobody respects him
foreign leaders don't respect him you
know we put up $124 billion dollar more
given to Ukraine than Europe now Europe
is a lot closer and we have a thing
called an ocean in between us right so
no matter how you cut it it's got to be
more important why is it that we're not
equalized why is it that they put
UP24 billion dollars our people these
people in Washington that don't know
what the hell they're doing you know I
stopped it with NATO uh we were spending
almost 100% of the money for NATO and I
went in my first meeting I realized I
said you know they're not paying their
bills they're delinquent my second
meeting I said you got to pay and they
said well what would would happen if we
don't then we won't defend you against
Russia and the next day money came in by
the billions you never saw money come in
so fast L the money was pouring in and I
took a lot of heat Michael out as Mike
walz I took he knows better than anybody
on this subject he's the all time he's
the all time but am I right the money
came in like at a level that was never
SE hundreds of billions of dollars
poured in and then I took heat from the
Press because I said no I will not
defend you if you're not current and
they said well that's not very nice I
said it's not nice now if I said I will
they wouldn't have paid right I suspect
but I took a lot of heat but the fact is
the Secretary
General called it the greatest he's
never seen anything like it because Bush
would come in make a speech and leave
Obama would come in make a speech and
leave and then uh I came in and I didn't
make a speech I just said these guys
aren't paying their bills they not
paying their bills I don't want to make
a speech and until they pay their bills
but they asked me will you defend us if
we don't pay I said no I will not defend
you we're not stupid
anymore and $400 billion Doll came
pouring in you never saw money pouring
in so
fast the whole world should know that
while Biden is the worst president in
the history of
America our country is going to be
strong again and it's going to be very
soon I want the enemies to know that
because we have a FIV Monon trend
transition period And I want the enemies
to know don't play around with us during
this 5mon period don't play
around it's only for them it's also from
in all fairness we have enemies on the
outside China Russia North Kore enemies
but they're not really enemies if you
have a smart president if you have a
smart president they're not enemies
you'll make them do great we had no
problems China paid us hundreds of
billions of dollars hundreds of billions
of dollars and it was so because they
respected our country thank you very
much she said they respected you thank
you stand up please who said that stand
up because they respected
us you said it better than I could thank
you I plagarized thank
you no they respected us there was no
games but we have the enemy on the
outside and you can do great things with
them and then we have a Worse Enemy I
call it the enemy From Within These are
the sick people the Socialists remember
I said America will never be a socialist
country I was right I was right it
skipped over socialism went directly
into fascism and communism it never
stopped at the station called socialism
it went worse and that's a big problem
that we have but I think you're starting
to see the end of that and it's been
starting for a while now with us but I
think last night was a big moment for
people with common sense that want to
see America be great again want to put
America
First many people are saying that after
last night's performance that Joe Biden
is leaving the
race but the fact is I don't really
believe that because he does better in
poll than any of the Democrats they're
talking about you've seen that GL these
polls come out with some of the names
they're being like Gavin nusum he can't
run California he's one of the worst
Governors no he's a bad Governor he
can't run he can't run California people
are leaving one of the most beautiful
places on Earth in terms of weather in
terms of everything else you can't do
any better than California he's doing a
terrible job but he gets up and he says
Oh California is doing great like a
machine
gun but it's doing bad people are
leaving so fast and he's he'd be easy
but he uh he's got lousy poll numbers
and uh you take a look at some of the
others then of course Kamala is somebody
that will be on the
scope it might have been Joe Biden's
single best decision putting her as vice
president might have been his best
because nobody wants that I do I'd be
very happy with that but they don't poll
as well as this guy I mean I don't want
to speak against myself but maybe uh and
they pulled everybody they pulled
Michelle Obama she pulls very
badly no she pulls terribly Michelle
Obama people you know they they pull
many people and it's hard to believe but
crooked Joe Biden polls better than
those people so I don't know what's
going to happen I have absolutely no
idea I just know that we're going to
make America great
again that's a good-looking group back
there better
looking better looking than front row Jo
you know what happens you think they
don't have a good seat they actually
have the best seat because often times
the cameras are on them the cameras ear
on you and I'm making a speech and they
have all this stuff it's all over the
world and a lot of them get picked would
you like to come to Hollywood a lot of
you'd be amazed how many people they see
some of these beautiful faces and they
say let's move them to Hollywood they
have the best seat they don't know it
but they
do okay I don't want to point to too
many of them get myself in
trouble but remember the biggest problem
for our country is not Joe Biden's
personal decline it's that Joe Biden's
policies are causing America's decline
at a level that we've never seen before
that's why this November the people of
Virginia and the people of America are
going to tell crooked Joe Biden Biden
you're fired get out of here you're
fired get out we don't want you you've
been the worst president in the history
of our country we don't want you get the
hell out of
here but we don't just need to fire
Biden as you saw yesterday the whole
Democrat Party deserves to be voted out
of office you have some great people you
have some great people in this state and
the reason I'm honored to be with you
Governor is who here just made a really
fantastic speech I saw it coming in I'm
flying in on my plane I'm watching him
speak I said what a beautiful crowd that
is but uh he just made a great speech
because what he says turns out to be
right he's got Common Sense he's got
great policy he's got the policy that
made America great now America is in
decline because have people that are
going against those basic policies but
he's got the policies that made America
great and I'll call him up even I just
said to him do you want to come up I
know you just spoke for 45 minutes would
you want to come up and I said come on
up you know so he's going to come up in
a couple of seconds as far as I'm
concerned he can say it all again he can
say it all again but we're proud of him
he's done a he's done a great job time
and again Joe Biden revealed how extreme
and divisive the radical left Democrats
have become before your very eyes
crooked Joe endorsed unlimited extreme
late term abortion up to the moment of
birth and even after the think of this
and even death after a baby is born and
I always am very clear about this when I
say the governor of Virginia I always go
back and say the former Governor because
you don't want to be tied into this but
the former Governor that was I call him
Michael Jackson Remember his wife saved
him he was was going to moonwalk he was
trying to say why he wore blackace and
he was going to moonwalk across the
stage and that's when his wife finally
put down her foot don't do it don't do
it you're already destroyed us you've
destroyed us don't do it remember she
stopped them because nobody can moonwalk
like Michael Jackson the greatest people
so this would not have been a pretty
scene but he said uh that and you can
see it I mean they have tapes on it he
said the baby is born yes the baby is
born and then we make a decision on what
to do with a baby and there's some
states that allow that it's not even
believable but he uh think of that but
Biden celebrates throwing his political
opponents in jail he bragged about
surrendering our energy Independence and
all of the other things that he's done
in favor of China and India and other
countries and he claimed that the
strength of our economy comes not from
hardworking Americans but from illegal
aliens where almost all of our new jobs
have gone to illegal aliens you know
that and just remember I said this
because this is a disaster waiting to
happen you know we're doing very well
with the Black and Hispanic vote we're
doing very well with the union
vote like record numbers because we've
done a lot we've done Criminal Justice
Reform we've done we've saved the
historically black colleges and
universities uh we had great Economic
Development programs with Tim Scott
opportunity zones it's called it's
probably the most successful opportunity
I mean it's the most incredible thing
and that's gone largely to black
Hispanic people it's been great so we've
done a lot but you know the worst thing
that's happening to black number one
Hispanic number two unions number three
is the millions of people pouring into
our country they're taking their jobs
and they're taking the black jobs people
that have had their jobs for a long time
are losing their jobs and Hispanic jobs
people that have had them for a long
time they're losing their jobs and you
know who else is the biggest losers
going to be the unions the unions like
the teamsters I have such respect for
Shawn he's the head of the teamsters I
don't want to throw around names but
he's a good man and I don't know I think
you know we're at 89% approval within
the Teamsters Union and I think I use
Teamsters when I build buildings in
Manhattan they do unbel unable they take
the concrete trucks and there's nobody
can wheel a truck these guys are
incredible and you know maybe we get
lucky maybe somebody's smart you know
when they have 89% approval and then
they endorse because for 50 years they
endorse automatically it's almost like
automatic they endorse the Democrat but
I think maybe the teamsters go with us
you know when you have a vast majority
on your side and then the person that
did it haa did it last time and he ended
up getting sort of have thrown out of
the Union but uh I think they have some
good leadership I think a lot of unions
are coming our way but these millions
and millions of people that are coming
from prisons coming from prisons and
jails you know there is a slight
difference okay they're coming from
prisons and jails mental institutions
and insane asylums like Silence of the
Lamb the Press always says why does he
ramble about s Silence of the Lamb the
late great Hannibal lecor he'd like to
have you over for dinner did you you
ever don't do it if he suggests I'd like
to have you for
dinner don't
go but these are the people these are
the people that are coming into our
country and they're coming in at numbers
that nobody can believe Venezuela has
its lowest crime rate in 30 years
because they're taking their gang
members and they're dropping them into
Virginia but you have a governor that
not letting them stay very
long but
but Joe Biden and the Democrats know
this but they're unwilling to do for
whatever reason I don't understand for
whatever you know you always like to
understand your the other side or your
opponent's reasoning why would somebody
want open borders why would somebody
want Men playing in women's sports why
would somebody want 100% electric
vehicles and they don't go far they're
too expensive and you know what they
have a place Elon is a friend of mine he
probably doesn't like me too much with
what I say but they have a
a great place for a certain application
but you don't want 100% they've made so
many they've spent trillions of dollars
on subsid you ever noticed that the car
companies aren't selling cars but they
seem to be very happy you know why
because they're getting massive amounts
of subsidy from the government normally
they' all be out of business because
they're not selling cars they're making
far more electric vehicles than you need
but they do have a place they have a
great place but it's uh 9% 7% 8%
you have hundreds of thousands of unsold
cars this would be a great time for you
to go buy an electric vehicle but the
car companies normally would be losing
their shirt but this stupid stupid
stupid man that we have is giving
massive subsidies he's given massive
subsidies to windmills all over the
country that are ruing our beautiful
Plains our beautiful land our beautiful
oceans whales aren't exactly in love
with them how about in New Jersey where
they had one whale in 50 years that
washed up the shore and last year they
had 18 would you say there's something
going on little they had one whale in 50
years last year they had 18 that's a lot
and happening more does something to
them it drives them crazy Joe Biden's
radical left Democrat Party is now the
party of open borders massive tax hikes
the destruction of Social Security they
are destroying your Social Security
because these millions of people coming
in they're giving him Social Security do
you believe this they're destroying it
they're the party of endless Wars
weaponization of law enforcement lies
hoaxes and Corruption they're corrupt
people the Republican party is now the
party for all Americans because the
Republican party is the party of Common
Sense common
sense and in the wake of all these Biden
disasters it's time for our country to
finally come together so that our whole
nation can win together once again we're
going to win together we're going to
bring our country together with success
our country preco we had a country that
was rocking and rolling like no country
in the history of the world and
everybody wanted to come together it was
going to unify I was getting calls from
people that I would have said were
Radical left serious radical left
Democrats
they wanted to come they wanted to have
lunch and then we got the gift from
China Co the China virus as we more
accurately call it and uh we did a great
job you know we were recognized for
doing great economy we started no Wars
we rebuilt our military we get the
greatest tax cuts in history greater
than the Reagan tax cuts many years
before the greatest we had the greatest
Cuts in regulation of any country of any
country and of this country nobody has
even come within within 25 30% of what
we did we cut regulations at a level
that nobody ever saw before and you know
when I went to the big companies and the
small companies and I'd say which was
more important the biggest tax cuts in
history or the biggest regulation Cuts
in history I have never heard one person
say the tax cuts they'd say the
regulation Cuts were more important
people couldn't build they couldn't do
anything they were just stagnated we had
a case in Louisiana with a an LNG plant
it was stuck in 14 years of traffic they
couldn't get their environmental permits
I got them in one day when I came into
office one day and they built they built
a15 billion doll this is a 15 this is
like three empire state buildings rolled
over and put together this was the
longest thing I've ever seen made up of
like oil pipes and I said what the hell
but it was a $15 billion project and
they couldn't get it done I got it done
in one day I took all the things I said
let's get it done and then we got two of
the other ones done and they're doing
unbelievable business and it was foreign
money being poured into the United
States they would have never gotten it
approved and we have many such plants
different types but plants will never
get approved and all they do is produce
good things for us at lots of jobs and
in Virginia we're doing that too we're
working with your government to get a
lot of things approved that you thought
would never happen and we'll get them
done very very quick ly but with these
guys you'll never get them done you'll
never get them done they don't have any
clue all they know is electric they want
electric army tanks they want electric
planes what happens if the sun isn't
shining while you're up in the
air well sir those you know that I told
you there'd be problems sir no they want
electric everything everything they want
electric boats the problem the boats
they they don't float because the
battery is so heavy it sinks the boat
they say we don't care we want them
anyway whether you're a Democrat or
Republican young or old black brown or
white we welcome you to our movement and
ask for your help and your partnership
in making America the strongest most
magnificent country again anywhere in
the
world as I said last night I'm not in
this race for me I'm in this race for
the sake of our country you know I told
them last night I wish you were a great
president I wouldn't be here I wouldn't
have been indicted more than Al Capone
Al Capone was
indicted one time he was a killer if he
took you see the guy standing up say
that guy I don't know who the hell he is
but if Al Capone took him to dinner he'd
say he's so obnoxious kill him he
be he'd say kill him he'd be dead but
and then the cops were afraid to
investigate him they say Al Capone did
it I I'm not interested in looking at
that he'd be at the bottom of a
foundation of a nice big
building and I got indicted more than
alons Capone Scarface can you believe it
and it's all been because of Biden but I
said to him I wish you were the greatest
president because I wouldn't have run I
wouldn't have done this I wouldn't look
it was rigged the lecture was totally
rigged but I wouldn't have run if he
were if he were a great president I'd
say you know what if he's doing a great
job that's so important I wouldn't have
run and I wouldn't have been going
through all this stuff I would but I
wouldn't be here with you and I'm
enjoying this this is better than
sitting home watching
television this is much
better this is better than being on some
magnificent Island that I
own and enjoying the fruits of life this
is much better standing out here at 100
degree
weather global warming every time it
turns a little slightly warm it's global
warming it's Global the planet is going
to hell what about those people used to
say we have 12 years 12 years in which
case we're all gone that ended about 5
years ago we we keep waiting no the uh
he said last night you know he loves
this word it's an existential threat
existential he has no idea what the hell
the word means I was going to ask him
but he said it again last night that
global warming is an existential threat
and I say that the thing that's an
existential threat is not global warming
where the ocean will rise maybe and and
it may go down also but it may rise 1/8
of an inch in the next 497 years they
say 1/8 which gives you a little bit
more waterfront property if you're lucky
enough
to no that's not the threat you know
what the threat
is that's a threat Joe Biden it's a
threat now the threat is Weaponry the
threat is nuclear weapons okay the
threat is nuclear warming that can
happen tomorrow we have six countries
out there with massive nuclear
capability he doesn't mention it you
know I I watch these people talking
about global warming and they don't use
that now they use climate change because
global warming was no good because it
was actually getting cooler so they used
to have in 19 in the 1920s you know they
thought the planet was going to freeze
they had I think global cooling they had
a picture I think it was on Time
Magazine of the earth very cool 1920s it
was a global cooling thing but now they
use they got smart it's climate change
because climate change cover if it goes
warm it's good if it goes cool it
doesn't matter what if it rains if it
snows if you have more tornadoes or less
tornadoes you know that I read about
some bad tornadoes and we do have bad
tornadoes but the worst tornado was in
1987 the worst tornado was in the 1800s
they say 1857 ripped the hell out of the
country in
1893 we had a series of tornadoes that
made these look like babies now that's
only reporting you know you know who
knows but they were very serious it's C
weather the risk
is Weaponry the risk is nuclear warming
and we have to be careful and we need
our smartest people to head this up my
uncle was a professor at M the longest
serving professor in the history of MIT
Dr John Trump and Dr John Trump told me
many years ago I was a little boy just
like that beautiful kid over there I
wasn't as good-looking as him but other
than that but I was the same age and you
know what
uh they told me he told me I say what do
you mean Uncle John no someday he knew
nuclear better than anybody you know
when he graduated from MIT they said
would you do us a favor what become a
professor and because he was so smart
and he said uh well I'd like to think
about it but he did and he was there for
41 years he's the longest serving
professor in the history of MIT he used
to tell me about nuclear many years ago
when I was a little boy he said someday
you'll have a bomb that can do
destruction the likes of which nobody
can even imagine and I won't tell you
what he said in terms of the power but
he would say just that and then he'd go
into some more details and I said no way
Uncle John no way now he said yes yes
that will be and he was very worried
about it that's your threat and we don't
even talk about it we never even met can
you imagine this guy saying global
warming is the greatest threat to our
country global warming is fine in fact I
heard it was going to be very warm today
it's fine it's fine
I believe
that and we were United I'll tell you
during that period of time just prior to
co coming in I was with Tony Fabrizio
and John mcglaughlin two of the great
pollsters and there are good pollsters
you know we have a lot of fake pollsters
like we have a lot of fake news they are
fake news in a sense but by the way did
you see we had a poll last week Rasmus
which is a good poll that's only good
cuz I like them you know they happen to
be good if they were bad like two months
from now I'd say they're terrible but
the asmon poll is a big deal it's a
really good poll and they have us up 10
points on this guy 10 points that's
pretty
good and a friend of mine who's very
smart but he's not really into politics
he said could I ask you a question why
is 10 points good you mean he's going to
get 40 points I said you have to
understand the Democrats basically get
40 points it doesn't matter if this
lecturn was running for office it would
get 40 actually Joe that's true it would
they get 40 automatically the
Republicans have to do it the
oldfashioned way we have to earn it we
have to do like in 2016 we have to do
really like 2020 you know we got many
millions of more votes in 2020 than we
got in 2016 we did actually much better
but it was rigged what are you going to
do but you know what we're not going to
let that happen again we're not letting
that happen they used Co to cheat they
did everything possible to cheat and
Hillary Clinton said why didn't you do
that to me why didn't you find those
votes for me like you found for
sleepy Joe or crooked Joe ready poll
poll what's a better name I go crooked
Joe first and then crooked Joe Biden or
sleepy Joe Biden ready crooked Joe first
who likes crooked Joe Biden
first okay who likes sleepy Joe
Biden similar similar CL
okay let's do it again crooked Joe
Biden sleepy Joe
Biden crooked crooked the other time
last week I did that you know I like
saving money you go to these pollsters
they interview I don't even think they
interview them if you want to know the
truth I think they just say they
interview because they make money I
don't even think they interview them but
they say they interview like 243 people
and they tell you what's going to happen
with the race right and then they want
to charge you half a million bucks
politicians know this and I come to
these rallies and I do my own polls I
have we have 25,000 people or something
here today I get a free poll it's a free
poll okay here's another
one who likes Governor Glenn
yunan that's that's the end of that
I don't know who to put against him
because there's nobody going to win
anyway well you're right but we're uh we
were a truly United Country and I
believe that we can be a very great
country again it's going to be stronger
it's going to be more glorious it's
going to be better than ever we're going
to make our country better than ever our
mission must start with restoring safety
to America one of the most disturbing
lies out of crooked Joe's mouth in our
debate last night was when he denied and
he denied he denied anything having to
do with the Border anything having to do
with the Border he said the border is
such a lovely Place letting massive
terrorists numbers of terrorists pour
into our country just two days ago news
reports revealed that while Biden was
taking his 10-day rest and study period
it was a rest and study where is he
going to be I love Camp David by the way
I didn't think I'm not a rustic person I
don't love rustic look but I loved it
you had to see this place I started to
love it very seductive you go up these
log cabins they're so beautiful the best
and I'd see FDR pictures of FDR and
pictures of other of the great
presidents and it was so historic and so
incredible but I'm not sure he has any
idea what the history is he just likes a
log capab and he wants to lock himself
in he wants a he wants a place to sleep
okay just leave me alone leave me alone
I want to sleep I'm studying for the
debate
I want to sleep and study that's all I'm
going to do for 10 days while the world
is going to
hell but uh he had a study period at
Camp David while more than 50 terrorists
55 to be exact were running into the
United States after Biden allowed them
to cross our wide open Southern border
crooked Joe has no idea where they are
what kind of Slaughter they intend to
commit but you will bet anything Isis
terrorist 55 them last week Isis terror
is the worst in the world by the way I
defeated Isis you know that
with General Kane right raisin Kane you
know that story raisin Kane he was great
great General real general not the
television we have a lot of Television
generals they're no good like Millie how
about
Millie we had some uh like the dumbest
of them all General Kelly he didn't know
he was lost in the White House that poor
guy didn't know what the hell was
happening he was like a lost we used to
call him a lost soul under the Trump
Administration we will not rest until we
have found every single radical Islamic
terrorist who Joe Biden has let into
America we will arrest them or we will
throw them the hell out of our country
immediately and we will not let them
back in we have no
choice and already Biden's open border
nightmare has stolen countless in
inocent lives yesterday in Houston you
read about this 12-year-old Joselyn
nari was laid to rest by her grieving
mother who I spoke to yesterday
incredible woman just
devastated literally I was going up to
the debate and I got the return call
from the mother and I talked to her and
they're screaming at me sir you're going
to the debate you're going right now sir
you know and I'm on the phone and I said
I can't I might be late but that's okay
but I said will I did talk to her and
then I said I'll speak to you and I'm
going to call her today or
tomorrow a devastated person she was a
devastated person but uh her precious
daughter became yet another victim of
the bident migrant crime people that
would have never come in here in fact a
lot of these people that you're reading
about we threw them out they were gone
and they came back under Biden last week
Joselyn was savagely tied up viciously
assaulted and brutally murdered by two
Biden migrants who crooked Joe released
into the United States to pray on our
women and girls one of these monsters
waited just 20 days before ending
joselyn's beautiful American
Life crooked Joe proved last night he
has no regret No Remorse do had no idea
who she was no empathy and no compassion
for all the innocent victims whose lives
have been just absolutely destroyed and
you look at uh so many of the other
young people that you're hearing about
so many of them are young 13 12 raped
and killed 13 years old 12 years old
raped and killed and remember this I say
this a lot this is just starting because
they're just getting comfortable in the
country they never heard about uh
politically correct law enforcement we
have the greatest police in the world
but they're not allowed to do their job
and we're going to let them do their job
and we're going to give them immunity so
they can't be prosecuted for doing their
job
Joe Biden inherited a great border
because I fixed it remember I fixed it
in 2016 I got elected because of the
Border but that border was nothing
compared to what we have nothing
absolutely nothing but I fixed it it was
a big deal and I would say it was
probably one or two in terms of my
points that I had a lot of things but
the Border was a big deal it was a bad
border I fixed it so much so that I
couldn't even speak about it during the
2020 race because it didn't nobody cared
about it anymore because it was fixed so
he inherited a perfect border and he
proceeded to destroy it almost
immediately he destroyed it at a level
that nobody can even believe but many
times worse than it was in 2016 I'd love
you know I have a chart I don't know if
these guys don't know about this but I
have a chart that if they could find it
put it up because there's one little
stat on this chart oh wow
these guys have become good you know it
used to take a day to get that shart
they'd say Sir we'll have it up tomorrow
I said tomorrow's not going to help me
Glenn so you see the arrow Glenn on the
bottom see the arrow the big red arrow
on the bottom that's the lowest level of
illegal immigration ever in recorded
history right there that's the week that
I left office and look what happened
after that look at the numbers on the
right look at what happened after that
so that was the lowest level and then it
started marching upward but what you
don't see are the drugs were at the
lowest level in 32 years the human
trafficking mostly in women they traffic
in women and that's now back at a level
that we've never even seen or imagined
before but I love that chart you know
that chart is just a small chart in with
other numbers like poll numbers and
things that are so impressive even
fundraising you know we did more we
raised more money after this crooked
trial than We've Ever Raised be I think
than any candidate I think we raised
over 400 million do can you believe
it I would say if we did 10 million it
would be a lot during this per 10
million's a lot of money they raised
over $400 million during this very short
period of time a little period of time
if we would have done like eight or nine
or 10 it would have been great but they
did numbers that no because everyone
knows they're a bunch of crooked people
these are to Crooked people using
Justice to try and win an election but
I'm proud of that chart it was in with
other things that are very important but
there's something about the importance
of this that I really thought I we could
show it and sometimes we'll take it out
show it to some of these big crowds when
I return to the White House we will stop
the plunder rape Slaughter and
destruction of American suburbs cities
and towns and for the Suburban women who
I actually think vote for me I think
that's you know they say
they say the Suburban women what do you
like you saw Biden you like Biden yeah
the Suburban wom you know why they like
me because I'm going to keep them safe
I'm going to keep them
safe we're going to keep them safe and I
think it's uh I think it's fake I think
we do great with Suburban women but I
always read he's trying to get the
Suburban women now I think they like me
because I'm going to keep them safe
militarily and also from the standpoint
of borders and everything else we will
shut down deadly Sanctuary cities I will
shift massive portions of federal law
enforcement to immigration enforcement
and on day one we will begin the largest
domestic deportation operation in the
history of our country and we have no
choice have no
choice and as we discussed last night
with crooked Joe the Biden border
Invasion has also been a disaster and I
say it and I'll say it again and for the
africanamerican Hispanic American
communities more than anybody else
virtually all of the net jobs created
have gone to Biden migrants who would
think that I I heard that a week ago I
said you got to give me that stat almost
every job did you know that I I can't
it's hard to believe actually almost
every new job has gone to illegal
immigrants Joe Biden wants to be the
president for illegal aliens and I want
to be the president for American of
every background every Walk of Life
every race religion color and
crib and remember Joe Biden used the
term super Predators he used it for 10
years he used it more than anybody else
that's not a man that likes black people
I will tell you that's not a man super
Predator ask him about it I brought it
up last night he went
oh super Predator ask him and honestly
only black people know what that ter
represents 1990s Joe Biden super
predator for 10 years every day more
African-Americans and Hispanic Americans
are joining our movement and that's one
of the major reasons that we're going to
win the Commonwealth of Virginia this
fall and our case to Virginia is very
simple we will seal the Border we will
make the American dream affordable again
but we will bring back the American
dream something you don't hear about
anymore you're going to have the
American dream back working with your
great governor Glen youngan we will make
Virginia greater than it has ever been
before under my leadership we had the
greatest economy in the history of the
world that was proven time and time
again during my term we had gasoline
down to
$187 cents a
gallon and by the way take a look at gas
it's going up rapidly do you see what's
going on that's going up and by the end
the 30-year mortgage think of this was
2.6% it was 2.6% interest and you know
what it is now it's 10% but you can't
get the money so the American dream of
owning a house is impossible when I left
office inflation was almost nothing how
about this guy going around saying it
was 9% no it was 9% when he didn't enter
about 14 months after he got in he had
to go from almost nothing to 9% but he
had a period where he had what they call
the Trump float he had all the good
things including the bounceback jobs
that they took they said all these
pandemic jobs we said close it down do
whatever you want and then when it opens
they call bounceback jobs and they
bounce back to bigger than where it was
before he takes the credit for it you
don't take credit for a bounce back Joe
Biden accidentally admitted last night
quote there was no inflation when I
became president he made a mistake that
was where I said did you mean that Joe
you mean
you're now Virginia families are being
crushed by crooked Joe you can't afford
groceries rent a house a car payment or
anything
else I think your real rate of inflation
by the way they say 24 25% I think if
you really add the right items and you
include interest where you can't get a
mortgage but if you do you're going to
pay much more than10 % I think your rate
of I think your rate of inflation is 35
to 50% and that's killing this country
it's a country Buster it's a family
Buster it's busting up everything we
have the highest inflation in my opinion
in the history of our country in fact
Biden didn't have inflation for the
first so he didn't have it for many many
months because I gave him something that
was beautiful I gave him a clean
beautiful border all he had to do is
leave Tom homman and leave these great
people you know Brandon Jud great oh and
he had a news conference today because
Brien used his Biden last night used his
name in vain he said I never supported
Biden and I never would he said I
support Trump I don't support Biden he
has no support he doesn't have support
from one police group anywhere in the
country he's frankly he's a defund if
you want to know defund the police
that's another brilliant policy that
they have and then like a nightmare it
All Began but on day one of my new
Administration we will throw out bomic
and we will replace it we are going to
replace it with Magics where
Magics
Magics to stop Biden inflation I will
end Joe Biden's colossal waste of
American taxpayer dollars and I will
rapidly terminate a thing called the
green news scam it's greatest scam
in the history of our country we're
spending trillions and trillions of
dollars on nonsense on things that all
they do is cause waste and inflation I
will repeal every disastrous Biden
regulation he's adding them back as fast
as he can killing our jobs cancel
crooked Joe's insane
electrical think of it the electric
vehicle mandate it's called the EV
mandate and we will do something like
we've never done it before although we
did it pretty good five years a ago you
know we were 5 years ago we were totally
nonring on oil and gas from other
countries we were going to soon be
energy dominant we were going to be
energy we're going to be sending it out
to Europe all over the world nobody had
ever seen anything like it and then this
guy ended it then prices went up and he
started saying oh let him drill let him
drill but if this election went bad our
country is going to be destroyed but
they will go back to that policy on the
day after it opens up and you're not
going to have you're going to have
electric bills that will be triple what
they are now because when we get in
we're going to have a very simple phrase
We Will drill baby drill we're going to
drill baby
drill think of it four years ago we were
energy independent now we're begging
Venezuela one of the safest places on
Earth it's true though their crime rate
is down to the lowest that they've ever
had they crime rate is down
72% because they've taken all of their
criminals they've taken all of their
prisoners they've taken all of their
drug lords drug dealers they've taken
all of their gang members and brought
them to the United States of
America
congratulations congratulations
everybody and they brought them in so
their crime rate is way do you have he
the crime is down 72% they've taken
their criminals and they deposited and
then they just just got up two weeks ago
and said under no circumstances will we
take any of them back so here's what
we're going to do next year we're all
going to meet as a group and if this guy
it's not even conceivable that he's in I
hate to even want to suggest it let's
say in a few months we'll do this we're
going to meet again we're going to meet
in Venezuela because it's the safest
place on Earth you know in
Caracus a year ago two years ago you had
no chance of walking across the street
if you were a woman without being
accosted beat up shot knifed to death
now it's a very safe City because
they've moved everybody into the United
States of America how stupid are we how
stupid are we and their crime where its
way down and all over the world prison
population the prison populations are
down and the fake news look at them all
over back there the fake news doesn't
want to talk about it they say Donald
Trump has a conspiracy theory it's a
cons iracy no it's not conspiracy and by
the way if I were one of the presidents
or dictators as I call them most of them
are dictators but they go under the term
president but I know them all very well
I would have been doing better than them
I would have had 100% over in this
country by now they're emptying their
prisons you know what that is they're
emptying their mental institutions into
our country do you know the money they
save the money is massive and we have
all the problems nothing good is going
to come out and we have Isis terrorists
we have terrorists pouring into our
country just bad bad things are going to
happen and it's all because of this
incompetent president the worst
president in history if he gets back in
Joe Biden has also vowed to pulverize
Virginia families with the largest tax
hikes in history
congratulations he pledged that the
Trump tax cuts are quote going to expire
and if I'm elected it's going to stay
expired that means he's going to raise
your taxes by four times is it be the
largest you know that Len he wants to
give you the largest tax increase in the
history of our country it's going to
decimate Virginia and it's going to
decimate every state and it's not his
fault you'll have to take the heat maybe
that's what they're doing you'll have to
take the heat but they want to decimate
because those tax cuts went more to the
middle class and the lower class than to
anybody else and the creation of jobs
but instead of a Biden tax increase I
will deliver a TR a trump and call it a
trump middle class tax cut and all of my
life I said it last night I've watched
as politicians cut taxes this guy wants
to raise your taxes by four times and
people say oh let's vote for them I
don't know they don't use the term
liberal anymore they use the term
Progressive you know because it's a nice
sounding word I'm a progressive but it's
not a good word it's a really bad word
and we will have a brand new Trump
economic Boon we're going to cut taxes
so we cut taxes substan
massively the biggest X and with a lower
rate we did much more business much more
Revenue than we had before the cuts in
other words we just did better and apple
and Microsoft all these companies were
bringing their money back from offshore
countries from other countries they were
bringing back into the United States
because they essentially weren't allowed
to from a practical standpoint because
the tax was so high and the bureaucracy
of doing it was almost impossible they
say so we're going to
do more tax cutting and we're going to
have this country at a level that you've
never seen it before and we're going to
you know under underfoot under the
ground we have more liquid go oil and
gas than any country on Earth and you
know we had a thing called anir in
Alaska Ronald Reagan wanted to get it
approved he couldn't do it everybody
wanted to get it approved I got it
approved the first week of Biden they
disapproved it the greatest tax the
greatest reserves they say outside of
perhaps Saudi Arabia could be greater
than Saudi Arabia would have been so
great for Alaska but would have been
great for this country massive massive
oil reserves and they turned it down
these people are horrible I've announced
that as part of those tax cuts I will
eliminate all taxes on tips a very
simple statement no taxes on
tips I got that idea the other night I'm
in Las Vegas at my place which is a very
nice place having dinner with some
people big people successful people
talking about the future of the country
and they've very worried about it and
the waitress came over I said how are
you doing been there for a long time and
she said they're killing me on tips I
said really they go after he said you
have no idea they just issued new
regulations that make it impossible for
us to live and I was actually surprised
to hear it no taxes on tips
and when I announced that last week you
know my phone's lit up I never saw
anything like that was the that was a
very popular thing to announce but it's
a good thing you earn the money you keep
the money every time you leave a tip for
the next five months make sure to write
on the receipt vote for Trump for no
taxes on
tips it's no wonder Joe Biden and his
thugs are so desperate to stop us they
know that we are the only ones who can
stop them a great thing just happened a
few hours ago you probably heard about
it but maybe you didn't cuz some of you
have been standing online for three days
do you know that these people right
they've been online for three days to
get into your place Glen this is crazy
you must have heard that Glen is going
to be here with his Superstar
son we do right don't we I think he's
great doing great but just this happened
a few hours ago the Supreme Court ruled
that Biden's Department of Injustice has
wrongly prosecuted hundreds of Americans
for peacefully protesting on January
6th those people have been treated so
badly especially when you compare them
with people that ripped apart and killed
people in Portland and in Seattle and in
other places they have been treated so
badly so we're asking based on the
decision they should immediately be
released immediately the j6
hostages but all of these people whether
it's the thugs in Portland the thugs of
Seattle the thugs of Minneapolis how
about Minneapolis it was burning down
remember the guy from CNN although I
shouldn't knock CNN because I actually
thought they treated me very fairly last
night very professional both of
them Jake and Dana they treated us very
fairly I they abused me for years but
last night right what happened they
treated me very fairly I think it's
great I think it was great for them it
was great for CNN but I thought they
were very fair but all of those Thugs
and then you take the monument wrecking
thugs of Washington DC remember they
came into Washington and you know you
thought maybe there was a little bit of
a racial anger but then they wanted to
take down the statue of Abraham Lincoln
I'm saying what's this all about but
they only wanted to do things until I
got tough with him and imposed a 10year
jail sentence on anyone for so much as
touching any one of our magnificent
monuments and it was amazing to watch
them flee the
city they fled they fled the city very
rapidly from that moment on you know I
brought out an old law that had been
done in the early
1900s and it said that if you touch a
statute you get a maximum fine of 10
years in jail and you can't do anything
about it's 10 years in jail and that's
it so I reinstated that law you could
never have a law like that pass today
because it's too tough they don't do
things until the country is really in
trouble they won't do things but I took
it out I reenacted it and as soon as I
did in other words 10 years in jail if
you get caught doing anything to one of
our beautiful monuments or statues they
fled Washington it was a beautiful site
I watched them go up look at them go
look at them
go no because it's what they understand
but based on the Supreme Court the great
Supreme Court we put three incredible
Justice is on they had I understand
another
three and they did the right thing free
the j6 hostages now they should free
them now for what they've gone
through they've been waiting for this
decision for a long time they've been
waiting for a long time and that was a
great answer that was a great thing for
people that have been so horribly
treated so many of these people were
told told to go in right the police go
in go in go in what's going on and they
put them in jail for years and years all
of their persecution is only happening
and all of it has happened to me because
I'm running for president and leading
very substantially and all of the polls
every single poll we're leading in every
state we're even leading in the state or
as you would say the Commonwealth of
Virginia
no we're leading in the
Commonwealth and I'm glad I corrected
that right if I didn't correct
it well they'll put it on tonight
they'll have it cut just prior to
they'll cut it just prior
to now the Commonwealth is great but
we're leading and it could be a very
substantial lead but we have one pole
with two up another one with three up
another one with four up one we're even
but that was a very Democrat poll I
don't believe that but we're going to
make Virginia greater than every before
I hope you get out and do this cuz these
people are destroying our country as you
saw last night it's all coming straight
from crooked Joe himself because he
thinks it's the only way that he can win
all of this persecution of the of people
it's all coming from Joe Biden and his
thugs because I'm not even sure he knows
what the hell's going on but he's
surrounded by vicious thugs he's
surrounded by fascists and Communists
but since the show trial in New York my
poll number have increased so
substantially nobody's seen anything
like it and I think last night last
night will not detract from that and
fundraising as I said is at an all-time
high the radical left Democrats rigged
the presidential election in 200 think
of this they Rigg the
election in
2020 like nobody's ever seen before and
we're not going to allow them to rig the
presidential election in 2024 we're not
going to allow it to
happen and every time the radical left
Democrats Marxist communist and
fascists every time they indict me I
consider it a great badge of honor
because I'm being indicted for you thank
you very much I appreciate
it never forget our enemies want to take
away my freedom because I will never let
them take away your freedom they want to
silence me because I will never let them
silence you and in the end they're not
after me they're after you I just happen
to be standing in their way and I always
will so we're thrilled to be joined
today by many outstanding Virginia
Patriots great people including the next
senator from the Commonwealth of
Virginia
hunga he's going to be I think he's
going to be great you're going to
win what do you think is he going to win
Glenn you're going to help him we got to
help hey Glenn should we have him come
up for a second come on up we got to get
him the way because his let me tell you
his opponent is terrible his AAR he's
just terrible hung is a graduate of the
US Naval Academy and he served with
special operations in Iraq Afghanistan
and Somalia he was one of the most Brave
guys they talk about it he's become a
legend and that's why he's running and
now he's running to fight for the
hardworking people of Virginia hunga
we'll vote to secure our borders stop
Joe Biden's inflation Nightmare and
crack down on violent crime he will vote
for low taxes low regulations and low
energy prices and he is a warrior he'll
support our police and our veterans and
most importantly hunga will defeat a
terrible senator of who's got very
little respect in Washington DC his name
is Tim Kane nobody respects
it they call him a walking mat they walk
he votes for anything Biden wants he's
got a 100% record of voting for crooked
Joe Tim Kane has voted repeatedly to
continue Joe Biden's border Invasion I
don't know how you people this is
killing you and yet this guy votes all
the time to keep it going Tim Kane let
the people pour into our country even if
they're criminals even if they mental
patients he voted to protect deadly
Sanctuary cities he voted for the
largest proposed amnesty plan and tax
plan in American history he voted
against Kate's law to think of that
voted how do you vote against Kates law
and he voted to terminate title 42 he
voted to give illegal aliens taxpayer
funded benefits the likes of which
nobody has ever seen including our great
veterans Virginia cannot afford more
years of Tim Kane and his open borders
agenda everybody's got to get out and
vote for hung cow I love this
V he is really going to be great H say a
few words
please Mr President the only person
better off today than they were four
years ago is an illegal
alien we're going to fight for America
we're going to put Americans first like
we always have with your leadership
sir get
him telling you he's going to win man
that guy has a he's got a serious
handshake I'm sorry but I think my hand
may be broken he's got a he's a tough
cookie that's a serious handshake you
have thank you you're going to win
you're going to win
a lot of people are going to win that
nobody's thinking of and uh you know
it's uh it's amazing what's happening
what's happening is really amazing but
this is a guy who's going to win and
he's going to you're going to be proud
of him for many many years we're also
grateful to be joined by the governor of
This Magnificent Commonwealth his name
happens to be Glenn yunan and he's one
of the greatest governors in the country
and I know he just spoke but I'd love to
have him come up and say a few
additional words thank you very much
thank you thank you here we
go okay Virginia are you ready to
win Mr President this is the best Trump
rally that you have ever had and you're
doing it in Virginia
and yes on behalf of
8.7 million Virginians Mr President we
are going to go to work and get you back
in the White House
he really is he's a great Governor doing
an incredible job and we appreciate it
he's also a tall Governor very tall
Governor the only one I know taller is
my son Barrett that kid is
tall and he's a good boy and he sees
this country and he it distresses him
when he sees what's happening at a young
age people understand people understand
but I want to thank the governor for the
great job he's
done in the Commonwealth it's done an
incredible job and everybody everybody's
talking about it to thanks as well to
Virginia attorney general Jason
M Jason Mir where's Jason come on Jason
let's go what the hell is a Friday come
on come on
Jason I hear great things all I know is
Glen tells me he's doing a great job as
attorney general I don't have to hear
anymore that's the one that matters come
on
Jason well I first as the Attorney
General as a top law enforcement
official in the Commonwealth I have to
say Mr President after seeing last
night's debate I instructed my adult
abuse investigators to investigate the
DNC for forcing Joe Biden to run for
president
but when we talk about what's at stake
at this
election it's three
simple initials
USA
US
USA thank you Mr attorney general is
everybody having a good time
so one of the great Congressman a person
who knows more about our military I
think that maybe anybody he's from a
wonderful state known as Florida and
he's highly respected by everybody he
knows just a real professional and he
hates seeing what he's seeing because he
sees our country a nation in Decline is
what he sees and it's very sad to watch
but we're going to turn it around
Congressman Michael Waltz thank you
Michael great job
and Michael would agree that
congresswoman Jen kiggins is a fantastic
Talent a fantastic woman where is
she she is doing a great
job thank you very much Jen thank you
great job everyone tells me look Secret
Service won't let her up Secret Service
they're tough they don't play games
thank you very much Jen we appreciate
appreciate it thank
you a man who was treated very unfairly
by the thugs the same thugs that we're
going to Dethrone like deranged Jacks
Smith he's a deranged person how's he
doing I don't think he's doing so well
he's a deranged person but he gave a man
named Bob McDonald your former Governor
he gave him a very unfair they all did
they gave him a very unfair treatment
but Bob has done incredibly well he went
through it and he's a great guy former
Governor Bob McDonald thank you very
much the deranged one we have you're not
a fan you're not a fan of those guys
right by and now Bob Bob showed them for
what they are former governor and a
really wonderful Senator and a good guy
and a friend of mine George Allen George
thank you thank you George
I knew his father very well and his
father was a great coach he was really a
good coach he was uh he knew how to win
right he knew how to win former Governor
Jim Gilmore Jim thank you thank you
Jim Congressional nominees Lori buckout
Lori thank you good luck oh you're going
to do well you're scheduled to win
they have you down another one scheduled
to win Derek
Anderson good you're going to do great
we're going to get
it he's running against one of the
vindman twins vindman is that correct
the vinman twins these are the worst
people you got to win that race Derek
they are the worst people they reported
a false conversation they made up a
story about a certain conversation that
was false and they act like they're hot
stuff they're not all they have to do is
look in the mirror and they'll realize
and look at this guy he's like a movie
star right look at this
guy no the brothers they're twins and I
heard one is worse than the other I
think you're running against the worst
one we're going to fight for you you got
to win that race you got to teach the
vinman we got to get them
out and another man who started a little
bit down to
somebody I won't mention his name
I will not mention his name Bob good I
won't mention his
name and Bob good was terrible to me for
three years and I used to say who is
this guy and then for the last six
months he was great but I couldn't
forget the three years so I had to make
a decision and we had a man named John
Maguire who is a Navy
SEAL and you know I know a lot of tough
guys and they wanted to be Navy Seals it
was their dream to be a Navy SEAL that's
all they thought about and in many cases
like sons of friends of mine they want
to be a Navy s they couldn't get there
it's a very tough thing to do it's
really tough guys at the perfect
physical specimens everything great and
they couldn't do it they couldn't do it
and this guy is a full-fledged Navy SEAL
at the highest level and he beat he beat
an opponent who was a a leader a big
leader in the house Republican leader
and uh Bob Maguire you're going to have
a great race you're going to win and you
are a hero thank you very much that was
amazing
that was amazing it was an honor to
endorse him you know he he started off
not a lot of people knew him I endorsed
him and he went up 27 points and he
ended up winning by like doesn't matter
few hundred votes we'll take it doesn't
matter two votes is okay too uh what a
great campaign you rent congratulations
he's a Navy
SEAL thank you very much John John
Maguire everybody and also a man who's a
tough cookie and he's doing a great job
Virginia GOP chair Rich Anderson he says
we're going to
win rich thank you are we going to win
right we got to win oh by the way we win
Virginia the race is over you understand
that so I don't want any I don't want to
put any pressure on Randy and on Glenn
and on everybody else but we win
Virginia you know it's over it's over I
saw that today they said if he wins
Virginia on top of everything else it's
over and former Congressman good guy
Randy Forbes Randy thank you thank you
you look good thank you
Randy above all because we are near so
many military facilities I want to
salute every single US service member
and Veteran in the audience
today we have the
highest we have the highest rating with
the veterans of any president thank
you so let's have a big round of appla
Applause for the men and women of the
United States armed
forces under the Trump Administration we
fully rebuilt the US Military and we
created space force we totally defeated
the Isis territorial caliphate 100% we
did it in four weeks they said it was
going to take 5 years we extinguish the
founder and leader of Isis Al baghdaddy
we ter ated the worst top terrorist CM
salaman these are the two top terrorists
in the world we left Iran weak and broke
and begging to make a deal they wanted
to make a deal so badly we would have
made a deal we would have made a good
deal for them but then we had the rigged
election and now we have an incompetent
President we stood with our friends and
Ally in the state of Israel we recognize
Jerusalem is the capital of Israel
and we recognized Israeli sovereignty
over the Golan Heights something they
were trying to do for 70
years and with the Abraham Accords we
made peace in the Middle East at a level
that nobody has ever seen the Abraham
Accords we had Russia China and North
Korea in Czech and I was the first
president in decades who started no new
Wars instead I brought our troops back
home we brought them all back
home if I was president the war in
Ukraine would never have happened the
October 7th attack on Israel would never
have happened the Russian nuclear
submarines would not be circling Cuba 60
miles
off our Miami Coast think of it we have
we have Russian submarines circling Cuba
and the fake news media doesn't want to
talk about it if you were president
that' be calling for your
indictment if Bob was president but you
could handle it you proven that if
anybody was president that was a
republican they don't even talk about it
think of it we have Russian submarines
and Russian warships in Cuba and Cuba's
right next to Miami in case you don't
know can you imagine and the fake news
media those people right there with all
those cameras they don't want to talk
about it for our great veterans we
passed VA accountability and VA Choice
two things they said were impossible to
get past and while Joe Biden pre tends
to be a defender of veterans crooked Joe
has tried to rehire the sadists who
mistreated our great you know we fired
9,000 people out of the VA because they
were sadistic they were sadists they
were hurting our veterans they were
thieves they were Crooks they were
bullies we fired 9,000 Biden now wants
to hire them all back he's trying to
reinstate 5,000 poly performing VA poor
these are all people that I fired VA
employees that I fired and give them
back full pay we fired them because they
were sadists and they were bullies and
they were hurting people that weren't in
prime time it'll cost us $200 million in
back pay this is what he wants he wants
to put the thugs back into the VA and
people are not happy on day one of my
new Administration I will fully restore
the use of va accountability and direct
my Secretary of Veterans Affairs and by
the way all this stuff pass Congress I
got it pass Congress wasn't just an
executive order and direct my Secretary
of Veterans Affairs my last one did a
great job to fire every corrupt abuser
of our veterans who Joe Biden wants to
keep on the payroll wants to have them
back as commander-in-chief I will defend
our military I will always honor our
veterans and I will restore peace
through strength before I even arrive at
the Oval Office shortly after we win the
presidency we we win the presidency I
will have the horrible war between
Russia and Ukraine totally settled I
know a good guy who could settle it that
guy right there Glenn he would settle he
did he did some pretty tough deals you
did you have good experience for
settling yesterday's debate should make
it clearer than ever how important it is
to elect a competent president who will
prevent World War II I'm the only one
that can say it I know every one of
those players and they respect us in my
next term we will build a great Iron
Dome over our country a dome the likes
of which no one has ever seen before a
state-of-the-art missile defense Shield
that will be entirely built and made in
the
USA and largely and largely in the
Commonwealth of Virginia a lot of a lot
of is expected to be done right here in
Virginia you know Israel has a dum but
we have technology Ronald Reagan wanted
it to happen years ago but we didn't
have the technology and all fairness
then but he wanted it but now we have
incredible technology as you know 300
missiles were recently shot at Israel
and
299 were knocked down and one was
basically disabled so they hurt they
stopped 300 missiles from going into
Israel and we were going to have a
better Dome a more Technologic IC Al
capable Dome and we're going to build a
great Dome over to this country because
we deserve it we deserve it despite Joe
Biden's flagrant lies on the debate
stage I will not cut one penny from
Social Security or Medicare which is
what he is going to do he's destroying
Social Security I kept that promise for
four straight years and I'll keep it
again remember I didn't increase I
didn't do you know they talk about
Russia Russia under Bush took land
Russia under Obama took land
Russia under Biden is going to take the
whole thing it looks like Russia under
Trump took nothing they took nothing
it's true it's
true Pinocchio Joe lied about all the
things that I did to preserve Social
Security I'm preser he's going to
destroy Social Security by by allowing
all of these people in and using it
remember that Congressman you got to
stop
him and even his lies about now the
inexpensive insulin so I was the one
that got you the inexpensive not him
that was done three years ago and the
sad thing it came due two years later
and I said you mean if I lose this race
that was at the time the new president
is going to get credit and he goes
around talking about how he did insulin
I did the insulin where the seniors get
insulin at a very low price by contrast
Joe Biden has cut Medicare Advantage
payments for two straight years a total
betrayal to our seniors Biden has cut
Advantage payments we're going to
rebuild our cities into beacons of Hope
safety and Beauty better than they have
ever been before we will take our
horribly run capital of our nation in
Washington DC and clean it up renovate
it and rebuild a capital the like of
which that even we haven't seen in its
prime we will get rid of the murder and
the
crime you go to from Virginia to take a
tour of the capital look at the great
monuments and all you end up getting
shot mugged knifed we're going to clean
it up and we're going to get rid of all
the crime there's not going to be any
crime on day one I will sign a new
executive order to cut Federal funding
for any school pushing critical race
Theory trans gender insanity and any
other inappropriate racial sexual or
political content onto the shoulders of
our
children and I will not give one penny
to any school that has a vaccine mandate
or a mask
mandate and I will keep men out of
women's
sports and fully uphold of course the
totally undeas Second Amendment we will
protect innocent life and we will
restore free speech and I will secure
our elections like never before our
elections will be one day voting with
paper ballots proof of citizenship and
voter ID very
simple but until then Republicans must
win we're going to count on Virginia
more than just about any place else
we're so close this would be an
incredible historic Victory we want a
landslide that's and remember this term
too big to rig we want a landslide
that's too big to rig if it's too big to
rig if it's too big they can't rig it
they're going to try they're bad they
have no shame if you took the 10 worst
Presidents in the history of the United
States and eded them up they would not
have done the near think of it they
wouldn't have done near the destruction
to our country as Joe Biden and the
Biden Administration has done so if you
want to save America okay go out get
your family get your friends get
everyone you know and vote vote early
vote absentee vote on Election Day but
whatever you do you have to go out and
vote you have to
vote and if you want us to help ensure
election Integrity sign up to protect
the vote let very simple get out and
help us protect the vote.com very simple
protect because we don't need votes we
need protection of the votes once
they're cast because these people will
do anything to stay in power so
protectthe vote.com help us protect the
vote we're going to protect it and we
have law enforcement every law
enforcement agency in Virginia and every
other place has endorsed us they going
all be
watching from Fredericksburg to
Williamsburg from
Alexandria to Northfork and from ran Oak
to Richmond to right here in Chesapeake
Virginia
it's been the home of some of the
Greatest American Heroes ever to walk
the face of the Earth this is the place
where George Washington led the patriots
of the Continental Army to victory at
Yorktown what a history you have
Virginia was the home of Thomas
Jefferson who wrote those Immortal words
all men are created
equal and Virginia gave us James Madison
James Monroe Lewis and Clark Booker T
Washington Ella Fitzgerald the Bedford
Boys who gave their lives on D-Day and
Patrick Henry who declared Give me
liberty or give me
death pretty good that's a pretty good
history that's not bad you know I stop
at a lot of States they don't quite have
a lot of that right Governor together
they help build America into the
greatest and most exceptional nation in
the history of the world but now we are
a nation that is in serious deine we are
a failing nation very sad thing to say
we are a nation that has lost its
confidence willpower and strength we are
a nation that has quite honestly lost
its way but we are not going to allow
this horror to continue less than four
years ago we were a great nation and we
will soon be a great nation again with
the right leadership every disaster Joe
Biden has created can be fixed and can
be fixed really very very quickly and we
will get it done fast every problem can
be solved and every wrong can be
rectified by this time next year America
borders will be strong sealed and secure
inflation will be in full Retreat our
economy will be roaring back optimism
will be surging the American dream will
be thriv in again for citizens of every
race religion color and Creed Law And
Justice will reign all throughout our
land Freedom will be restored the flame
of Liberty will be burning bright Joe
Biden the worst president in the history
of our country will be a fading memory
of the past and our great silent
majority including the once forgotten
men and women of our country will be the
one shaping America's magnificent future
when I am the 47th president president
of the United
States because we are all Americans and
together we will show November 5th to be
the most important day in the history of
America We Are One movement one people
one family and one glorious nation under
God and together we will make America
powerful again we will make
America wealthy again we will make
America strong again we will make
America proud again we will make America
safe again we will make America free
again and we will make America great
again thank you very much Virginia God
bless you all thank you thank you very
much
me
oh I'm
coming oh Lord
oh coming I'm on my way
your if you get cold yeah I will be your
cover don't have to
worry I'm
here
I'm
oh I'm come
oh I'm
coming
oh I'm coming
look out to
me for
satisfaction yeah look at here babe all
she got to do my