# LIVE: Donald Trump hosts MAGA rally in Montana
# Channel: Times News
# Upload Date: 2024-08-10
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D4IdhXexLko
# Language: en (auto-generated)
# Extraction Method: youtube_api
# Confidence: 80.0%
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 09:49:24

================================================================================

thank you very much and a very very
special hello Montana I've been
traveling all over the
St I'll tell you I know Montana better
than you know my I was all over your
state today everything's 2 hours when
are we going to be there two hours sir
two hours I got to like Tim sheii a lot
to be here I have to you better win
battle now this is some beautiful
country though I did do a lot of driving
I'd go to one we went to some Fred's
some a really good friend's house with
your Governor you have a great governor
in the state you know that great you
have a great but we went around the
state and uh it was so beautiful and I'd
say when will I be there approximately 2
and a half hours oh great thank you it's
a big state it's a beautiful state and
we love it and we've won it every time
by a lot
so I'm thrilled to be back at this
incredible place this beautiful state
with thousands of proud hardworking
American Patriots which is what you are
you built the country Less Than 3 months
from now we are going to defeat radical
left Democrat John tester he's terrible
he is
terrible he is
terrible and send Tim sheii to the
United States Senate we're going to
evict we're going to evict crazy kamad
you know ever he of CA radical
left radical
left well she has a couple of things
that a lot of people from Montana would
like like she wants to take away your
guns you like that
right all right how about this she wants
to defund the police are you okay with
that she wants to allow millions of
people to pour into our border through
an invasion
using using an invasion process I don't
think so I don't think that's for you
it's not for me either it's not for most
people in this country we're going to
evict crazy Kamala and we're going
to we're going to get Joe Biden out of
the White House what's he doing now Greg
what's he doing
you know he wanted to debate if we
didn't have a debate he'd still be there
can you imagine if we didn't have a
debate why the hell did I debate
him how did he do do you think he's
happy with the I don't think so he's not
too happy you know they took it away
from him they really did they took it
away the guy had 14 million votes she
had none but I'd rather run against her
I think she's easier to beat I really do
I believe
it and we are going to make America
great again we're going to make it so
great this election is about saving our
economy ending inflation securing our
borders restoring respect for our nation
we're no longer respect
it preventing World War I especially for
all these young people these young
beautiful people we don't want to get
them into World War I
and stopping a 1929 style depression
because that's what's going to happen
you saw what happened last week with
your vote we will reverse the comma
crash and we will end the comma chaos
and we will stop the Biden Harris
invasion of people that don't belong in
our country they're invading our
country kamla Harris you know it's
interesting nobody really knows her last
name if you ask people do you know what
her last name is nobody has any idea
what it is Harris it's like Harris I
don't know how the hell did this
happen you know they said uh so we had
the debate he didn't exactly do well and
they actually CNN was very nice they
said that was one of the greatest debate
performances I've ever seen said by a
very important person in CNN then what
happens 2 days later they said he was
lousy they don't talk about me anymore
they just said he was lousy
and he was pretty bad you have to admit
but but we're going to turn it around
we're going to turn this country around
we're going to turn it around very
fast and KLA is not up to the job he's
not up to it neither is tester up to it
you know tester everyone thinks like
he's my best friend he's never voted for
me once and yet his commercials is I
like Donald Trump very much I love his
I love his border STS he votes against
the Border he voted against funding of
the Border he
said I love his stance on energy he
voted against our energy programs he
votes against us a 100% he's voted in
favor of crooked Joe Biden 100% of the
time he did it last time with the
election we had the same problem do you
remember he comes out everyone saying he
really likes your policy a lot he does
it like he's a radical left lunatic just
like kamla and we got to elect him we
got to get him
in got to get him in since becoming a
presidential candidate she has refused
to do a single interview you know why
cuz she's
dumb or hold a single press conference
he won't hold a press conference she
won't do it she won't do it they doesn't
want and they're easy questions you know
cuz the Press look at them back there
look at all of them a lot of press
they're rigged they're
rigged they're fake
news you know uh I looked and uh I get
these tough questions from the press all
the time and I look at the questions
that Joe got right where do you think
you're having dinner tonight what will
you eat
will you have ice cream for
dessert no I don't know it's unfair the
questions are so hard he
says no the way they treated him and
with
me well I won't use the questions CU I
don't want to give any ideas they give
me the worst questions they are so nasty
they are the nastiest people I think on
Earth and
Kamala Kamala gives the exact same
speech over and over again over and over
the same exact words one of the people
put it up like they put six of them up
and every s was like every single word
is the same I don't do that I got to
give you a little bit of variety
right I change all these damn
speeches where are my speech writers I'm
going to do that just have one speech
and just for the next 90 days go out and
just read that thing but we don't like
to read teleprompters right it's not as
much fun it's not as
exciting and somehow it's never as good
is it huh no I think we're going to
write up one standard speech you read it
from beginning to end you know what
happened you'd start walking out they
say oh look Trump start holding how
about yesterday they said oh she had a
big crowd oh a crowd the Press is
talking about the crowd in New Jersey I
had 107,000 people the Press never even
talked about about it in they don't talk
about it right they don't talk about it
cuz they're
fake in I went to South Carolina we had
82,000 people he know oh Front Row Joe
look we have many front row Joe's we
have Mr wall over here look I love that
scene do you think he's in favor of
building a wall I think so yes
I think so he's great how many of you
come to O over 200 right and you know
he's a great guy he's like makes a lot
of money you got to make a lot of money
travels all over the country but the
front row Joe's are great we have so
many people they've been to so many of
the rallies the rallies are great we had
a tough one four weeks ago very tough
one right we had a very tough one lost a
great person Corey great firefighter
great person really amazing man Cory
you're a tough
one and two gentlemen real trumpers real
Trump people that people they love our
country what's a Trumper they love our
country too really really badly hurt
they didn't think they were going to
make it and they did make it and they're
going to be as good as ever and they're
great the
doctors the doctors in that whole Butler
area did a phenomenal job I will tell
you they thought these two would not
make it and they not only made they
going to be uh they'll be as good as new
but it it'll take a little work but they
got hit hard all kamla does is read that
teleprompter while pretending she had
nothing to do with any of the disasters
that they you know she's totally given
up of all of the things she said I want
this I want that I want that now she
doesn't want any of it and then they
accuse me of being horrible when I
question her she wanted to be
non-energy independent she wants wind
windmills all over the place windmills
put a windmill on top of the building
put a w we have so much oil under our
feet we have more Liquid Gold under our
feet than any country in the world
including Saudi Arabia and
Russia and we don't use
it four weeks ago think of it four weeks
ago the media said she was grossly
incompetent and I said oh this is going
to be an easy race she didn't have a
chance of beating me she couldn't didn't
do anything they wanted to get her out
they thought she should resign with
crooked Joe Biden what do you like
better it doesn't matter anymore but
what do you like better crooked Joe or
sleepy Joe sleepy Joe crooked
Joe okay
ready they're both
correct I think crooked Joe is more
correct
than you're like all right ready crooked
first right what do you like better
crooked Joe
or sleepy
Joe crooked seems always win I mean he's
a crooked
guy all he had to do is think of it if
he didn't do the debate he'd still be
running they'd be saying how great he is
he's a brilliant man wonderful guy
really at the top of his game he wasn't
at the top of his game 25 years ago I'll
tell you right now and she's worse than
he is she's worse he's smarter than she
is but the Democrats didn't have the
courage to force her off they didn't
have it they didn't want to do it it was
Politically Incorrect and now the media
is saying that she's wonderful she's
wonderful the same people back there
four of them I recognize so
perfectly if you can't do a press
conference you cannot be president okay
that's it she doesn't do anything
remember when I used to always walk up
to the Press under the helicopter or
under the wing of the plane and I talk
to him when I loved it because if I
didn't like their question I could I
can't hear you the
helicopters but they do many versions of
it nobody ever did that before you know
that was a and they copy everybody
copies me so now she walks up she'll
take like a half a question and she'll
live Joe was bad Joe couldn't hear he
couldn't he could do
anything it was an embarrassment to that
art form that was an art form it was an
embarrassment camela sometimes referred
to as kamla you know she got about nine
different ways of pronouncing the name
and because the Press is so dishonest no
matter how you say it they'll say you
were wrong you were wrong I don't care
if I get it right actually I couldn't
care
L I actually haven't been accused that I
know of of calling it wrong but if I did
they'd say that he did it on purpose and
you could do that I've done a lot of bad
name calling where you call somebody
that you know how to say the name
perfectly and you call it on purpose
they say Sir you made a mistake I said
no I didn't Kamala will not answer for
her record of failure and
weakness a doctor please doctor in the
house thank you thank you very much
thank you take your time
take your time douc thank you very
much thank
you thank
you we love these people they wait for
two days sometimes and then uh it's a
it's tough It's Not Easy are they okay
thank you very much and Doctor take your
time good thank you darling thank you
thank you
take your time doctor please we got a
lot of time right nice Friday
evening Friday evening in Montana I
think my next Drive is going to be about
3 4 hours from I wish it was a little
closer you that's the one thing but
that's okay
than that's all
right our governor says we have all the
time we
want Greg says we have all you got one
of the best Governors I don't know if
you do they app appreciate it or not I
don't know and the governor's wife I
don't
know he's a great one he's a great
guy show how much you
we better we better get four more years
or we're not going to have a country
left if we don't get four more years we
got we're going to not have a country
left that's why so many people they come
and they waited for days they wait for
days and it's uh it's tough it's tough
thank you darling thank you
yay wow thank you
honey that's
great that's really good incredible
people so when you're commanderin-chief
you don't go to the run and hide away
from the Press you know they go and run
and they want to go on a record that's a
fake record they have a fake record both
of them how about the new guy how do you
like him
and anytime you tell a story about
anybody by the way Steve Danes how good
is
he true one of the he's one of the
finest he's one of the finest people
you'll ever meet I really mean that too
and uh it's an honor to be with you and
you want to do this so badly because you
want to save the country we need the
Senate we need the
Senate so thank you Steve for being here
thank you and with a beautiful
family but you don't get to flee from
tough questions and you don't get to
read a teleprompter like for short
periods of time where you make a speech
it's like 2 minutes and everything is
right off the teleprompter what a lot of
work to do for that and you don't sit
across the table from Vladimir Putin and
President Chief China they're lovely
individuals if you can can't handle our
press cuz they're not as tough as you
think I've been handling them for four
years and then another four years they
don't stop they keep coming at you
they're the worst but we're going to do
something we're going to have the
biggest Victory they're going to
celebrate because I think silently they
do celebrate I think silently they do I
think silently they for
us they're afraid to say it right
they're afraid to say it but I think
silently a lot of those people back
there in the and that's a lot of people
but I think they're for us for nearly
four years Joe Biden's mental
incompetence has given Harris a free
reign to impose her Ultra liberal agenda
on America and others with her and
destroy our country you're destroying
our country Joe Biden was exposed during
the debate likewise Kamala will be
exposed during the debate she will be
she will be exposed during the debate or
debates but so far she's refus refusing
to debate we want to have a
debate think of it so she wants to have
no debates but one may be at the most
and she wants it to be an ABC because AB
ABC with George stadis have you ever
heard of
it it's the nastiest of all who would
think it right you think of NBC's
terrible and they are MSNBC is
disgusting but the worst might be ABC
and that's the only one she'll do and
you know when Biden came out with a
brilliant idea to have a debate how did
that work out for him not so good but he
came out they handed
me Jake Tapper sometimes refer to as
fake Tapper but I have to tell you he
was totally fair and Dana Bash and they
were totally fair they really were CNN
so they said we want to debate they gave
me one option because they weren't going
to debate he didn't want to debate they
gave me one option CNN
Dana Bash and Jake Tapper there will be
no audience there will be turning off
your mics as soon as you finish speaking
and if you go over one second they turn
off and they make you look very bad the
good part is he didn't use much of his
you know they give you two minutes and
they'd say right you have 92 seconds
left and I kept saying I'll take it can
I have it I want it I want the 92
seconds at this and then it do another
one you have 37 seconds left that's a
lot you know when you're up there 37
seconds and that's the last thing he
wanted to hear cuz he didn't want to
talk
anymore you have 77 seconds left he goes
oh
y what am I going to do this is who our
president was and now we have somebody
that's worse in my opinion worse uh you
have to remember they said that he
couldn't beat me now I mean he after the
debate he was down way down in the polls
they didn't even want to show the polls
they said he's sucking away and so they
said we're going to take him out and
we're going to put somebody new and this
never happened to anybody before you
spend we spent $100 million fighting
crooked Joe Biden and then all of a
sudden they decide to take him out and
put somebody else in she never got one
vote she was the first loser in the
Premier you know she ran against Joe
Biden and everybody else I think they
had like 16 people running she never
made Iowa the first dat I love Iowa you
know why I love it cuz I win it every
single time with a farmers
we win
it but she never made Iowa she was the
first one to quit and now and and stupid
honestly she was the nastiest to him too
and then he picked her I couldn't
believe it and she was part of the cabal
that got him out you know they got him
out they said we'll do it the nice way
we'll do it the hard way Joe we'll use
the 25th Amendment and we'll call you
mentally incompetent and everybody will
believe us and you know what they did is
a terrible thing actually they forced
them out it was a coup we had a coup
that was the first coup in the history
of our country and it was very
successful he said okay I'll leave if
that's what you want I'll leave and now
he's seeing what the competition is I
hear he's going to make a comeback at
the Democrat convention he's going to
walk into the room and he's going to say
I want my presidency back I want another
chance to debate Trump I want another
chance but byh handed kamla and crooked
Joe a surging economy with no inflation
we had no inflation we had nothing we
would we had the greatest economy in the
history of the world
true the radical socialist lunacy turned
it into a failing economy with the worst
inflation in probably 70 years you know
they say 47 I don't believe 47 I think
it's much more I handed her the
strongest Border in US history she
turned it into the worst border invasion
in the history of the world by the way
the chart the Border chart I love that
chart I love that
chart I'm here because of that
chart I go let me see that
chart if I don't turn I won't be with
you tonight I won't be with you I love
that chart you know the amazing thing
I'm going to sleep with that chart
tonight no you know the amazing thing is
that that chart I use it probably 20% of
the time not that much it's always on my
left not on my right I mean pretty much
always there are no people we had a
tremendous crowd but all of the people
as far as the eye could see they were
here and some in the back and how great
were the people in the back but all the
people people were the same nobody fled
you know when a crowd hears a bullet
they always run they heard lots of
bullets cuz there were lots of bullets
going off and the our secret service
shooter our secret service sniper
whatever you want to call him water shot
he used one bullet from much further
away cuz the sniper was there and he was
way over here and he wasn't warned that
this could happen I mean that was the
breakdown they had they weren't warned
but uh he heard bullets he immediately
looked over took aim and shot one bullet
can you imagine that from
probably yeah probably 400 yards pretty
far but if it wasn't for that sign in
this case it came down down on the right
it's never on the right never and it's
never at the beginning of the speech and
I I do you know I don't use the
teleprompter a lot because I think it
gets bad but I I don't I just said you
know let's take a look at the
immigration numbers that we had because
they're great numbers they're the best
numbers in the history of our country
we've the border patrol did that J thank
you very much border patrol I appreciate
but the border patrol did that
J and you see the arrow on the bottom
the red arrow on the bottom that's the
lowest point that was the week I left
office look what happened after I left
office look at that and it's much worse
now because that's a few months now it's
the numbers are much worse
they've let an invasion of our country
happen but I took a look
and because I took that look I mean what
are the chances of that so I just want
to thank everybody because I'll tell you
what the level of love and compassion
and and all of the things that we all
went through that was a terrible thing
and we're going to be very careful we
have to be very careful this is by the
way being president is a dangerous
profession you you know this is a very
dangerous this is not this is not the
safest profession out there but uh it
was an amazing event and for those of
you that don't believe in
God I believe that there's only one
reason that could have happened because
the chances were
so so
small
right yeah thank you
thank you very
much and we're going back to Butler you
know that right we're going back to
Butler we got to go back we got to go
back to Butler they were great and the
hospital was incredible the doctors were
incredible that worked on our two
friends that were so badly hurt uh the
doctors were everything about it and
we're going to go back just before the
election sometime in October it's
already being worked on and uh I
probably start off by saying as I was
saying so you stand up as I was
saying I gave kamla and crooked Joe a
world at peace and their weakness and
incompetence quickly brought us to the
brink of a global war America cannot
survive for four more years of this
bumbling communist lunatic look we
cannot let her win this election it's
not a question of me we can't let her
win this election if she wins this
election we're not going to have a
country anymore starting on day one we
will bring confidence and Common Sense
back to the Oval Office you
know we're really a party of common
sense if you think we're conservative
and all that but we're really a party of
Common Sense and by the way we have a
great libertarian with us tonight where
is our libertarian friend and I think
he's going to be with us where is he
what a nice guy S stand up please stand
up what a nice
guy what a nice
guy a a lot of us are libertarian and uh
I think he's going to be giving you a
very nice surprise very soon but he's a
great wonderful person and we just uh
met and we knew each other a little bit
from before thank you very much for
being here how do you like the
audience not bad do you think the
Libertarians get this kind of an
audience I don't think so but thank you
great honor to know you thank you very
much but we'll bring back safety
security and the American dream bigger
better and stronger than ever before if
you want a preview of what a catastrophe
another term of Kamala will be and she
was there she was there she was working
with them she was the bordar now she
doesn't say she's the bordar she said I
was never the
bordar I mean she everything they did
she's taking away now but she was the
Bazar she was the worst Bazar in the
history of the world there's never never
been a border like this that allows
millions and millions of people in a
month from mental institutions and
prisons let them come into our country
just look at who she chose for her vice
president she went with the handpick
candidate of crazy Bernie Sanders Bernie
Sanders wanted him so badly and the
Democratic Socialist of America
immediately gave him the endorsement
forget him that's her thinking that's
where she's going to go you know a
politician when they came out if Steve
came out and said 20 years ago when he
started I wanted to fund the police I
don't think he's saying that I wanted to
fund the police everybody then he said
well I was only kidding I don't the
truth is when you come out with a
statement like that that's where you are
and she wants to defund the police and
she wants to do she wants to have all of
your guns taken away she wants your guns
taken
away you you can you can count on it a
politician their first statement Steve
is always the statement now Steve said
I'm going to protect your second
amendment that was a long time ago he
said I'm going to take care of our
police right S I just don't want to
leave any question in their mind St but
he's so happy I did that little second
part he said oh my God they might think
I want to defund now stens never he's
not a big
defund he's an increaser for the police
we want to take care of our police
they're doing a great great job
right as Minnesota's Governor Tim Waltz
let riers and looters burn down
Minneapolis remember CNN they're right
back there watch oh there goes their
light their light just went
off while the governor's wife opened the
windows to the
mansion to enjoy the smell of the fire
she said the smell is so beautiful I
love it I wonder where she's coming from
wall said that social ism is just
another word for neighborliness she
wants to be he calls them neighbors good
neighbors he signed a bill to give
illegal aliens free health care he
abolished Columbus Day he ordered
tampons to be put into boys
bathrooms do we have any children here
please close your ear he ordered
tampons in boys bathrooms okay he signed
the law letting the state kidnapped
children to change their gender so that
they go home and but I'm not talking
about him I'm talking about her this is
her ideology that's why she picked him
and he signed a bill allowing pedophiles
to claim human rights protections under
the state
law and then he
said by the way J D Vance is doing a
phenomenal job
but but then he said well think of that
think of the things I just said then he
said you know I think JD Vance is weird
you know it's a word that they use I
think he calls me that too no we're not
we're very solid people we want to have
strong borders we want to have good
elections we want to have low interest
rates we want to be able to buy a house
we want great
education we want strong
borders I think we're very actually I
think we're the opposite of weird
they're weird you know what they do they
give they work with the Press on coming
up with a sound bite just a sound bite
and every station that night all the
network CBS and ABC NBC they all said oh
they were called weird weird they it
just it's unbelievable you know it's not
a word that's really used too much in
politics but it's a terrible thing that
they can do this it's just a sound bite
no JD Vance is a great Patriot and he's
a United States Marine and he's a real
marine and he's a iant
guy and he went to Ohio State he
graduated in two years at the top of his
class just about at the top of his class
and he then got into Yale and he became
a marine he got into Yale and he did
great at Yale and he met his wife who
was actually I think the number one
student at Yale they have a smart family
and uh we picked somebody that was very
special and he's really he's really
stepped up I said you got your sea legs
you know cuz the first they were hitting
him with a lot of nonsense and uh he's
got his sea legs now he's going to be
great I think we like don't we like him
and he's for the working he's for the
working man and
woman Tim walz is the man who's uh very
freakish he's very
freakish if comrade Waltz and comrade
Harris win this November the people
cheering will be the pink-haired Marxist
the looters the perverts the flag
burners Hamas supporters drug dealers
gun
grabbers and human
traffickers but with a trump fans
Victory the cheers will come from the
police officers the firefighters the
border patrol agents the steel workers
small business owners parents and
hardworking citizens of every race
religion color and Creed and that's what
we're doing we're getting record numbers
record numbers in the Hispanic Community
record numbers in so many different
communities nobody's ever actually seen
you know this is the greatest movement
in the history of our country you do
know
that remember they used to say no no no
mag is a good solid 35% of the part no
no it's 95% of the part not 35 they used
to say
that you know they're very cunning
people mag is 35 and say 35 really no
it's 95% of the party and I think it's
probably 90% I think the whole country
who can want think of it who wants open
borders who wants Men playing in women's
sports and I'd like to congratulate the
young woman who
transitioned uh from a man into a
boxer you saw he won she won the gold
medal how about the young Italian
beautiful Italian boxer she got in there
and she didn't know what was going on
and she was a very good boxer you know
against other women she didn't count on
this and he's up here boom one little
jab whoa she goes nobody ever hit me
that way then he goes boom and she said
okay I had enough it's crazy what
they're doing and this person won the
gold medal did they win the gold medal
today what do you think of that Tim I
don't think Tim I don't think Tim
likes H Greg no good right now how crazy
is it how crazy is it for four more
years crazy and she wants it she wants
men to play in women's sports she wants
to take away your guns all of the stuff
and now she's going to deny it what
she'll come out with a stap and she'll
deny it and remember one thing I'm going
to say it again later because it's so
important no tax on tips do we like
that and they're just the opposite
they're driving people
crazy and our seniors our senior
citizens we're not going to have them
pay tax any longer on Social
Security
go four more years of crazy KLA Harris
means 50 probably it means 50 million
illegal aliens pouring into our country
over another four years 50 million 50
million could be 50 million more they're
overrunning our country they're
destroying our country they're ruining
our country and they're making our
country very unsafe these are very tough
people these are criminals coming out of
jails these are people that tough the
only good thing about them is they make
our criminals look like weak sisters
that's it these are really tough nasty
people and we can't have it you know we
all have a heart but we can't have it it
means double digigit inflation deating
your savings and and your savings are
being decimated I know what you're going
through it means violent crime ripping
through the suburbs you know they talk
about women I think Suburban women like
me a lot you know it's fake
stuff why wouldn't they why wouldn't
they you know I put something in when I
was President there will be no lowincome
housing developments built in areas that
are right next to your house you have a
house in the suburbs you're so proud and
then they want to build a low-income job
with a 30 story building next to your
house and your house is worthless and I
stopped it and then they say well I
don't think Suburban women like them I
think they like me I'm going to keep
criminals out of your neighborhood
that's really all that matters I think
they like me
anyway you're not going to have migrant
criminals praying on our women and our
girls while guns are confiscated from
the law-abiding citizens they want to
take away your guns and then they want
to have our country overrun with some of
the worst criminals there are anywhere
in the world and they come from all over
the the world they come from Africa they
come from Asia they come from the Middle
East they come from all over they came a
large boatload came recently
from the Congo where do you come from
where in the Congo prison what did you
do wrong we do not want to say murder
was murder and they're dumping them into
our country you know the money they're
saving these other countries they don't
their prison population is way down the
money they're saving is they've never
they've never had it so good and if I
were running any of those countries if I
were running Colombia if I were running
Brazil if I were I'd be doing the same
thing but I'd be doing it faster than
and they're doing it why wouldn't you do
it it's Common Sense dump all of your
criminals you know in Venezuela crime is
down 72% you know why because he took
all of the criminals out of Caracus and
out of all the cities he took all of
them out and dumped them into the United
States He emptied his prisons into the
United States of America why are we
taking this why do we take this why so
don't take my word for it listen kamla
Harris's agenda straight from her own
mouth would anybody like to see her
let's do it for a couple of seconds go
ahead yeah I am radical you need to get
radical about what we are doing and take
it seriously as president of the United
States I am prepared to get rid of the
filibuster to pass a GRE
new there's no question I'm in favor of
banning
F we have to have a buyback program and
I support a mandatory buyback
program I believe that will totally
eliminate private insurance let's
eliminate all of
them but would you support changing the
dietary guidelines you know the food p
people to reduce red meat specifically
yes I
would raise your hand in govern if your
government plan would provide coverage
for undocumented
immigrants where do you stand on defund
the police this whole movement is about
rightly saying we need to take a look at
these budgets
Harris asserted that Isis perceived as
the modern-day Klux Clan are you aware
that there's a perception I see no are
you aware that there's a per ice in the
same category as the KKK is that what
you're asking me I see no par nothing I
see
nothing Edie I am radical we need to get
radical about what we are
doing and that's just as small part of
it that's just a small part that's what
we have though that's what that's where
they're going we're going remember I
said we will not become a socialist
country and I meant it except I was
wrong we didn't become a social we're
going Beyond socialism we're becoming if
they get in a communist full-blown
communist country this is America we're
not a communist country we're not going
to let that happen
and kamla is not
just she's not just dangerously extreme
and she is Extreme much more so than
Biden because Biden didn't know he was
alive let's face it okay are you a
socialist what does that mean what does
it mean are you a communist Joe I don't
know so he was sort of dangerous cuz the
people around the Resolute desk ran the
country don't forget he went after me he
weaponized government to go after me I
don't believe it was him I believe it
was the people Circle I could name every
one of them they're bad people and we
won our big case in Florida great
brilliant judge that was so smart and
strong and she didn't listen to the
nonsense and you know they play The Ref
with judges they uh criticize them all
the time scream at them treat them
horribly justices the justices of the
Supreme Court all judges and they think
they're playing The Ref like the great
Bobby Knight right play The Ref now
they're they're not putting up with it
anymore the what they are doing is in my
opinion totally illegal kamla is grossly
incompetent and in my opinion has a very
low IQ but we'll find out about her IQ
during the debate okay let's find out
about her
right so you know we have this great
system I want to show you just one other
thing please do you mind putting it up
please thank you we've been to the
Border you haven't been to the Border I
and I haven't been to Europe and I don't
I don't understand the point that you're
making talking about the significance of
the passage of time right the
significance of the passage of time so
when you think about it there is great
significance to the passage of time
Ukraine is a country in Europe it exists
next to another country called Russia
Russia is a bigger country Russia is is
a powerful country Russia decided to
invade a smaller country called Ukraine
so basically that's wrong so you're now
no longer are you necessarily keeping
those private files in some file cabinet
that's locked in the basement of the
house it's on your laptop and it's then
therefore up here in this Cloud that
exists above us right the Caribbean
Nations island nations in in the Western
Hemisphere that is where the Caribbean
is we are also in the Western Hemisphere
they are our neighbors I am here
standing here on the Northern flank on
the Eastern flank talking about what we
have in terms of the Eastern flank I can
imagine what can be and be unburdened by
what has been you know space is exciting
it is time for us to do what we have
been doing and that time is every
day every day it is time for us to agree
that there are things and tools that are
available to us to slow this thing down
we will work together and continue to
work together to address these issues to
tackle these challenges and to work
together as we continue to work do you
ban plastic straws I think we should yes
I mean look I'm going to be honest it's
really difficult to drink out of a paper
straw when you had if you just like if
you don't gulp it down immediately it
starts to bit
and then you know the little thing
catches it and then you know so we got
to kind of perect that one a little bit
more do you know okay A bit of a history
lesson do you know that women were not
the women's teams were not allowed to
have brackets until 2022 so the United
States shares a very important
relationship which is an alliance with
the Republic of North Korea AI is kind
of a fancy thing it's first of all it's
two letters it means artificial
intelligence as a
woman there's a balance to be struck
between being
tough and
being turn that off
so if you listen to kamla's speeches
you'd never even know that she's been
running the country she's been running
the country for four years and doing a
horrible job look at what's happened to
our country we are a failing Nation I
hate to say it we are a failing Nation I
wish I didn't have to do this I wish I
didn't have to go and do this I wish
they were great I wish they'd make our
country great but they're going to
destroy our country you know it they
even know it and probably they're doing
it on purpose it's hard to believe but
they're probably doing it on purpose
kamla is working full-time to erase a
record of open borders transgender
anything high energy cost taxes interest
rates which are at Sky levels Rising
crime rates and Wars all over the world
we're at Wars all over the world you
know when I left we had nothing we had
no Wars the world respected your country
we had no Wars
Victor Orban who's the Prime Minister
the boss of Hungary and knows everything
very well they asked him what's wrong
the world is breaking out in Wars all
over he said there's one thing wrong the
United States needs Donald Trump back as
president and if you have that you're
which is true you won't have any of
these
problems you won't have any of these
problems Russia would have never ever
attacked Ukraine
Israel would never have been attacked on
October 7th and you wouldn't have
inflation and you wouldn't have had the
horrible Afghanistan embarrassment the
most embarrassing day I think in the
history of our country on Election Day
we're going to tell this radical left
country Buster she's a country Buster
that we've had enough we can't take it
anymore we're going to say Kamala Harris
you're fired you've done a horrible job
you're fired get out of here get out get
the hell out of here
Kamala
right if kamla wins foreign leaders will
treat America's president as a joke they
already do now we have two
jokes think of it who what's what's
going to happen Russia gets a little
nasty China president she I know him
very well got along with him very well
until Co in which case I said that's the
end of that but but president she these
are these are Fierce People these are
Fierce People they don't even know who
the head of our country is who do we
have are we dealing with Biden Biden
probably should get out but she should
get out also I think they should both
get out I'll tell you what do we have a
volunteer yes I will volunteer okay we
have to straighten out we have to
straighten out our country they're not
going to do
it they will rip us off more than ever
before these foreign countries are
ripping us off at levels that you've
never seen before and they we had them
we had them held back Russia respected
us China respected us I took in hundreds
of billions of dollars from China no
other president took in not 10 cents for
years they ripped us off and our country
will never be given a chance for a
future we're never going to have a
future back if we don't solve this
problem now we can't go like this any
longer we're not going to have a country
any longer when I went we're going to
win when I win America will be respected
again because you will once again have a
president who puts America first and you
have a president who will fight fight
fight thank
you thank
you for four incredible years under our
Administration I stood up for America
and we achieved more than any
Administration in the history of our
country there's never been a period of
time like we had for four years there's
never been and then we had Co and we got
rid of it we never got you know I got
great credit for the economy great
credit for the military we defeated Isis
rapidly I started no Wars first time in
78 years I started know we didn't have
any wars these endless Wars they keep
going going and going people getting
killed all over the place spending
billions and billions we passed the
largest tax cuts and regulation Cuts in
the history of our country we achieved
record low unemployment rates record low
poverty rates and Rising wages for
everybody everybody in this room your
wages increased your money increased
your businesses increased whatever you
do everything was better for four years
we unlocked American Energy Independence
and soon would have been energy dominant
we were going to be energy dominant we
took on the globalist and corrupt
special interest we ended the NAFTA
disaster concealed and think of that we
got out of TPP do you know what TP
that's if you want to have manufacturing
this country they were going to take it
all away transpacific partnership TPP we
took it away we withdrew from the
horrible Paris climate Accord it sounds
so nice I want the Montana climate
Accord Court not the
Paris and stood up to China like never
before bringing in tens of billions of
dollars think of it though no other
president ever brought up they never
confronted China and China respected us
we built 571 miles of border wall and we
took it out you know we took it out of
our military because Congress was
impossible so I said we're taking it out
of our military because it's an invasion
of our country that worked they sued me
all over the place we won we ended Catch
and Release we stopped Asylum fraud we
brought illegal immigration to the
lowest level ever recorded that's per
your chart we fully rebuilt the US
Military and created a thing called
space force which is so important and
now we are leading in space nobody
thought that was
possible and for our great Veterans of
which you have a lot you have a lot in
your great state we passed VA account
accountability and VA choice right
they've been trying to get them for 50
years accountability is you get rid of
the sadists and the bad people that took
advantage and harmed our our heroes are
great people they beat them up they were
sadus they were thieves there were a lot
of bad things we had no right under
civil service and other things to fire
them if we caught them stealing hundreds
of thousands of dollars you couldn't do
anything about it I got a law passed in
Congress we got rid of 9,000 bad people
and hired people that love our veterans
and then
on and then on choice
so we have some great doctors in the VA
but you couldn't get to them it would
take sometimes months people would be a
little bit ill and they'd end up
becoming terminally ill because you
couldn't get to the doctors if you had
to wait more than one day for a doctor I
allowed you to go out get a local doctor
get yourself taken care of and we pay
for the
bill and Steve Danes helped a lot on
that actually Steve that was a great
thing and we had a 92% approval rating
at the VA the Veterans Administration
92% that was the highest rating ever now
it's down into the 40s down into the 40s
we obliterated Isis and unlike Harris we
stood up and we took care of our friend
Israel we have a problem over there big
problem we have a lot of people we have
a lot of people that are looking to
destroy Israel look the bottom line we
got to get peace over in the Middle East
the Middle East is blowing up because
and largely because our country doesn't
know what's happening they have no idea
what's happening we are going to take
care of it we did the Abraham Accords it
brought peace to the Middle East we
would have had every country signed up
right now if the election weren't rigged
we would have had every single country
signed up right now and I'm proud to be
the first president in decades who
really and I talk about it as much as I
can because Hillary Clinton stood on the
stage they said look at him he's going
to start wars and I said no no no no I'm
going to stop the wars you're the one
that started the wars you people the
stupid people started the
war but I did finish the war on Isis and
every body said we could never we
couldn't beat Isis to uh malleable to
all over the place did it in four weeks
we knocked it out and that's where I
learned we have a great military we
don't have a woke military we have some
stupid people on the top that a woke we
have a great military what they did for
me against Isis was incredible four
years ago America's future was Blazing
bright and Cala and crooked Joe came in
and drove our country off the cliff
they've taken our country to levels
we're being laughed at all over the
world all over the world they're
laughing at America they're laughing at
your United States but with your vote
the rain will be over that horrible rain
of it's in a way it's a rain of terror
you know it's a weak rain it's an
incompetent Reign but they want to put
good people in jail that shouldn't be in
jail it's a very dangerous Reign
actually and people aren't going to take
it it's a very dangerous Reign led by
very incompetent people New Era of
strength and prosperity it and freedom
will soon ring true the moment I take
the oath of office we will seal the
Border Stop The Invasion and send the
illegal aliens back home where they
belong
right under the so-called bordar Harris
illegal aliens are stampeding into
America by the millions and millions
they're coming from prisons they're
coming from jails they're coming from
all over the place we had they're coming
from countries we've never even heard of
most of the people in this room have
never heard they're coming from some
very bad places evil places every day
Comm is letting migrant criminals roam
free to assault rape mutilate and kill
our citizens look at what's happening to
our cities our cities are being overrun
and they're being taken care of and our
veterans are not being T our veterans
are forced to sleep on the street and
these people are given hotel rooms in
luxury
hotels right here in Bosman and illegal
alien brutally stabbed to death a
19-year-old young man you know all about
it and when the police searched the
illegals car they found they found three
handguns two rifles a shotgun and a
record as long as your arm on July 4th A
42-year-old Nashville man died after he
tried to stop at illegal allei
from stealing tools out of his truck the
the illegal alien did a number on this
man that nobody could even believe the
police officer said one of the most
vicious crimes they've ever seen he was
thrown from the hood of the illegals
pickup truck and left to die in the
street after being beat to hell and last
month a Venezuelan illegal alien
criminal LED in by our so-called borders
are the borders are a joke she never
went to the Border she never went to the
Border shot a female police officer in
Texas multiple times with a rifle and
started shooting over and over again the
choice in this election is between a
mass amnesty with welfare Social
Security and voting rights for the
illegal and they want to give illegal
immigrants all of this and here's all
we're going to do it's going to be
called a trump Mass deportation because
we have no choice
we have no
choice we have no
choice if Harris wins a NeverEnding
stream of illegal alien rapists MS13
animals and child Predators will ravage
your communities they're already
ravaging your community don't forget
they haven't been here that long they're
getting used to it when they get used to
it they're going to be coming at you at
levels that nobody's ever seen before we
have a new form of crime it's called
migrant crime and it's going to be as
vicious as any crime ever seen in this
country before and it's a guarantee in
addition we have hundreds and hundreds
of terrorists in our country that have
been allowed in we didn't allow them in
we had a strong border we had one year
where border patrol actually said under
Trump in 2019 one year one of our four
years zero terrorist I don't really
believe that CU I don't believe that's
possible but they have it down as is
zero zero terrorists were able to get
into our country now we have hundreds
and hundreds of of people coming in
thousands of people coming in and these
are the world's worst terrorists and
it's 100% certain that really bad things
are going to happen so we don't have a
choice vote Republican and we will begin
the largest deportation operation in
American
history and I don't say that with
fondness I don't even know you know I
don't say that with I don't even know if
that's good politics or bad politics
people would say oh Trump is too tough
we don't like him we don't like him he's
taking murders out of our country but we
don't like him he shouldn't be taking
murders out of our country the truth is
you know Dwight Eisenhower he was a sort
of a moderate type of guy General
Eisenhower he was President do you know
when he was president he was the
strongest president in history outside
of what what we did the strongest in
history on the border he hated when
people came into our country illegally
and we want people to come into our
country but they have to come in through
a process they have to come in Legally
we want
people Harris has let them all in and we
will send them all back we have to send
them back to their countries you know
their country when I came in we had a
lot of uh MS13 gang members they're
probably the toughest gang in the world
really Ruthless People and I came in I
said we got to get them out I told one
of the generals sir they won't let us
have them in under President Obama the
countries where they came from Honduras
and Guatemala and all over the place
they come from South America in this
case the country said we're not letting
go back in and they would put major
aircraft big airpl on the runway so if
we were coming in with a plane you
couldn't land theyd come back they
blocked up the road so if we bust them
in if we took them in by ship any way we
took them in they wouldn't let him back
so the general told me that uh sir I'm
sorry we we can't get him back they'll
never take him back they don't want him
back MS-13 gang members who can blame
them right so I said how much money do
we pay them he goes uh sir we pay them
750 million dollar a year sir I said uh
all right inform the countries that
they're delinquent they're not taking
their criminals back they're sending
criminals in you know they send them in
in the Caravans they put some really bad
type in the Caravans and they pour in by
the thousands that we're not paying them
anymore we we're ending it on day one I
signed the document the next day I come
into the beautiful Oval Office so
beautiful Resolute desk I sit down sir
we have a call from
Guatemala sir we have a call from Mexico
we have a call from we have all these
calls and they call and they wanted to
know sir uh we understand there's a
misunderstanding I said no no why
there's no misunderstanding you're
sending your criminals into to our
country and you're not taking them back
and I'm not paying you anymore you're
not getting any more subsidy from the
United States of
America and they all said the same thing
the calls came in early in the morning
they all said the same thing sir there
must be a misunderstanding there's a
misunderstanding sir we would love to
have MS13 back in our country we love
them very much sir they're wonderful
people and we took tens of thousands we
took thousands and thousands out you
know believe it or not there were a lot
on Long Island you read the story where
they killed two beautiful 16-year-old
girls walking to school and they killed
him with a knife they sliced them up
into little pieces you know why because
that's much more painful than getting
shot and they wanted to they what they
did they're animal they were animals and
you know who took care of it ice and all
of these people like Kamala they want to
abandon ice they want to drop ice these
guys are so incredible they're Brave you
know I know know some of the people in
the front row and they're really tough
guys and they're Brave guys and I know
them pretty well they don't want to work
for ice ice would get in they'd get up
to the gangs in Ohio and a lot of them
in New York and amazing as I said in
Long Island and they'd walk into a a
gang of 15 of the toughest guys you've
ever seen and you'd see fists and feet
and back and forth and it would go in
for 3 four minutes and then the ice guys
would get up and then take these guys
into a p wagon put them in and would
bring them back to their country and
then she wants to get rid of ice these
are incredible Patriots they're tough
people and they love our country as much
as anybody and maybe more than most one
of the most Sinister accomplices in
kamala's plot to demolish American
borders has been her Ally and partner in
the US Senate one of the biggest phonies
in American politics his name is John
tester and
and I don't speak badly about somebody's
physical
disability but he's got the biggest
stomach I have ever seen I
swear I
swear that's the biggest stomach I have
never seen a stomach like
that cuz he doesn't look that heavy
you're not allowed to use the word fat
so if you use the word fat you can say
obese you can say anything but you can't
say fat that's the end of your political
career I said it the other night
somebody in the
audience said Chris Christie is a fat
pig and I said sir Chris Christie is not
a fat pig you should not and we argued
about it for three or four minutes so
that was nah he's not a fat pig for
years tester has been telling Montana
that he's a moderate while he votes with
Biden Harris and Bernie Sanders and
Elizabeth waren Pocahontas you remember
Pocahontas
Pocahontas I have more Indian blood in
me than she has in her and I have none I
happen to have
none but kamla votes with them
100% of the time did you know that Steve
100% of the time I promise you Tim will
not be voting 100% he may vote with them
zero I would say zero would be
Clos but in a 50/50 set a tester could
have single-handedly stopped the
invasion of our country but he voted
against stopping it instead tester voted
for Mass amnesty he voted against the
border wall totally voted against the
wall who the hell would vote against the
wall he voted against remain in Mexico
remember I had the policy the greatest
policy of all you couldn't come into a
country had a remain they had hundreds
of thousands of people that came up from
the south hundreds of thousands they
couldn't get into our country he ended
it and these people came in you think it
was easy to get that deal with mexo was
very tough I had to say I going to put a
lot of tariffs on either give it to me
or not they were very nice it was
amazing they wouldn't give it to me they
said no sir we won't do that I said all
right I'm going to tariff your cars at
100% sir we' love to give you that we
would love a policy of remain in Mexico
we think it's wonderful you had to see
Tiana Tiana was the fastest growing city
in the history of the world they were
having hundreds of thousands of people
pour into Tijana but they couldn't come
into our country because I said to
Mexico you can stop them you can stop
them at your at your Southern border
down below and you know those those
Caravans I think I came up with that
name but they are a caravan they're very
horrible very dangerous for women very
dangerous women die all the time they're
being raped they're dying the whole
thing is a horror show he voted against
title 42 that's a bad one he voted
against increasing funding for ice he
voted to provide the deciding vote to
Shield illegal alien criminals like the
one who murdered Lake and Riley from
deportation he didn't want the person
deported he didn't want any deportation
for that person if you elect John tester
you are approving the Harris plan to
make the 20 million Biden illegals into
V voting citizens she said today she
wants to give them the right to vote
many of these people are killers and
criminals they're not going to have the
right to vote and they're not going to
destroy our
country she also voted to give them
welfare government health care and let
them raid Medicare and Social Security
until there's nothing left they will
destroy Social Security I will save your
Social Security with no increase in age
or anything
else John tester cast the decisive vote
to approve every single bill that caused
record inflation remember the inflation
reduction act it was a phony they used
the term inflation reduction it was
actually an inflation increase act it
was a disaster but they lied because
that's what they're good at they're con
people you know they are misinformation
disinformation after they got the bill
passed which they shouldn't have had
trillions of dollars inflation went
through the roof he cast the vote to
kill the Keystone XL pipeline do you
remember that the Keystone x what the
hell are these reporters doing over here
what oh pull it's a prize
winner Doug Mills a great Doug Mills
pull it's a prize even even though he
works for the New York Times that's
okay he works for the New York Times and
that's one of the only pullet surprises
that was actually earned how about
getting how about they get they got this
woman maggot Hagerman did you ever hear
of it maggot hag ER she's a
reporter she pretends like she's knows
more about Trump I have nothing to do if
the woman speaks to me once in a year
today I called her I said your stories
are all fake why don't you stop it but
think of it they have a man here who I
really like he's a great he's a great
photographer Doug it's nice to have you
make me look nice and thin if you don't
mind he voted for environmental
extremist Tracy stonem Manning to lead
the Bureau of Land Management and he
voted the radical left interior
secretary Deb Holland you know who that
is don't you to wage war on your rights
and on your industries and they really
did wage war but we have a man here and
I'm going to introduce some of your
people we have a man here who knows
tester better than I do better than
anybody does and tester and I have
nothing to do with each other and when
you watch his commercials you can forget
it he never votes for me he voted to
impeach me that guy voted to impeach me
stomach brimming out like a big
slob do you want to I want to impeach
why I don't know what did he do wrong I
did nothing wrong but I have to tell you
the Republican stuck with me and we won
very easily we beat it but there's a man
named Ronnie Jackson he comes from Texas
and he heard it was a a race against
tester and he was treated so unfairly
could I ask Congressman Admiral doctor
he's a doctor he was my White House
doctor he was Obama's White House doctor
and Bush's White House
doctor he was also an admiral so he was
an admiral and a doctor then he became
the doctor in the White House and you
know when I fell in love with him they
said who's the healthiest he he took
care of bush Obama did anybody ever hear
of Barack husse and Obama yes took care
of Obama and he took care of trump and
they said who's the healthiest of those
presidents and he said without question
it's Donald J Trump and I said I love
this guy Ronnie
Jackson thank you Mr President thank you
howdy mon it from the great state of
Texas all
right look I want to tell you a little
bit about this man John tester this man
who says that he represents Montana and
the Senate this man who tells you that
he's up there trying to clean the place
up and trying to fix what's broken this
man is a sleazy disgusting swamp
politician he's a fraud and he's a
liar I was in the Navy for 25 years for
25 years I was on active duty serving my
country I was an emergency medicine
position right I went to Iraq with the
United States Marine Corp to a surgical
Shock Trauma platoon on the battlefield
between fuah and ratti I spent the last
14 years of my career in the Navy on
active duty at the White House serving
three presidential administrations and
taking care of three presidents
including the best president this
country's ever had Donald J Trump
I had a spotless spotless Flawless
career in the Navy I had never had a
single complaint about anything I was a
Navy rear Admiral and at the end of my
time in the military while I was still
on active duty president Trump had the
trust and confidence in me to nominate
me as the Secretary of Veterans
Affairs which which I was I was happy to
however let me tell you John teser at
that time was the ranking member on the
Senate Veterans Affairs committee he was
going to oversee that process he was
also up for reelection it was
2018 he decided that it was in his
political best interest and would help
his election if he could if he could
come out and be the guy that tore down
one of Donald Trump's cabinet nominees
he came after me he tried to destroy me
he tried to destroy my family he got
together with some disgruntled employees
that worked for me at the White House
who were upset because they didn't get
promoted or get something they wanted
during their time at the White House one
of them in fact is currently Joe Biden's
doctor they C they got together with him
and his staff and they made up
completely
absurd accusations and lies about me to
tear down my nomination
they said that I he he labeled me on TV
as the Candyman right he said that I was
recklessly prescribing narcotics I can
tell you I can count right here on this
hand right here how many times I
prescribed narcotics at the White House
in 14 years he put that out there he
said that I got drunk and wrecked the
government vehicle any two bit
investigator can figure out whether or
not that happened he knew it didn't
happen he knew it and it's been proven
that it didn't happen since then he did
not care he was going to destroy me to
better his career and he passed that
information to these morons in the back
right the mainstream media who were all
too willing to carry this
water and let me tell you they don't
work for you they work for swamp
creatures like John tester that's who
they work
for anyways look this man tried to
destroy me he tried to destroy my family
I've been waiting for 6 years to get
back here for this night to be with this
man right here to come after
him the end of John tester starts
tonight and it starts by bringing this
man back to the White House so that he
can continue the work that he did
drained in the swamp when he was a
president before he's the best president
we've ever had and he's the only one
that can do the job now so get him back
into
office the next thing we're going to do
the next thing we're going to do is
we're going to bring Tim sheii to the
Senate to replace this swamp
hippopotamus John
tesker so I want to thank you all for
coming out and for showing your support
and your willingness to help us take
this country back we've got 87 days left
let's get it
done great
job great
job other than that he likes him very
much but I was a part I look I was I
maybe blame myself I said to he was a
great Admiral highly respected the Navy
he was a great white White House doctor
so you have two you have leadership and
you have the doctor so I figure what's
better for the VA so I went to Ronnie
and I said Ronnie what do you think of
the possibility of you running the VA
you're a great leader you're a great
Admiral highly respected in the Navy a
war veteran everything he had everything
you could have and on top of that he's a
great doctor a great man a great
personality everyone loves him and you
know I went to him I said what do you
think and he didn't want it he said sir
i' rather not but he's an incredible
Patriot he said but if you want me to do
it cuz he was ready to retire and go on
to move to Texas and do whatever he was
going to do he said if you want me to do
it sir I'll do it he didn't want to do
it everybody else would want it but he
really would have preferred not I said
Ronnie you know I did him such a great
favor Ronnie you'll be
great so I let it out that I'd like to
put Ron I didn't even put it out
officially I let it out to the fake news
I said I'd like to put Ronnie in as the
head of the Veterans
Administration and that's when tesser
hit and it was vicious it was vicious it
was really and I didn't even say it you
know I mean I after it happened I said
Ronnie it's really unfair and you know
they sent out people and we did too to
investigate every charge this slob made
and every charge was totally false and
he has an Incredible family an
incredible wife he has a son
I was making the commencement address at
Annapolis his son was one of the best
students at
Annapolis right at the top of the class
and I had to look at the
Sun and I had to say what they're doing
to your father is really unfair this is
one of the finest men you'll ever see
and that John tester couldn't have cared
less he just wanted publicity for
himself and it's a disgrace you have to
defeat John tester I'm telling you you
have to defeat you have to do it
and when Ronnie heard what I was doing
he said oh you going to Montana does
that have anything to do with tester I
said actually it does we're try he said
may I go he was in
Texas so he had a travel longer than I
did but Ronnie Jackson's one of the
finest men and it was a shame and it
really a shame and you ought to get rid
of that guy's bad news Montana you've uh
got to do it and you're going to do it
and I want to bring up if I could you
heard him just but just for a second
because I want to shake his hand he's a
spectacular person he was picked by
Steve Danes and a group of people we
were looking for Perfection because we
didn't want any excuses the fact that
he's handsome should have nothing to do
with it but he is a handsome guy but
he's got everything he's highly
successful great education Purple Heart
recipient a former Navy SEAL which as
you know is a big deal it's a tough
thing to be a combat veteran at the
highest level a bronze star and and he's
got a his really is Valor it's Valor for
heroism award you know the other one
talks about Valor he has a different
kind of a Valor it's the opposite but
Tim sheii is going to be an outstanding
Senator he was a great businessman and
Aerospace company uh he started it in a
barn in Montana right here employed a
lot of people turned it into a big
success and I'd like to ask just to say
a few words real quickly Tim shei you've
got to vote for him thank
you come
on thank you Mr President it's an honor
to have you here you know listen I
always supported the Trump policies I
never knew the man I supported the
policies no question but I became a true
follower of his about four years ago for
those of us who fought in the Middle
East we knew who we were really fighting
the whole time it was Iran they were
murdering us they've been murdering
Americans for 45 years they were blowing
us up with efps they were sending their
hit teams across the border and killing
us so we could never cross back over and
get them we could never touch them it
was a one-way fight and in the Obama
years those of you who are there you
know our hands were tied I had watched
these guys get killed in s home in boxes
and we couldn't do anything about it and
I was so frustrating it made me
sick and a few years ago when we were
fighting Isis Trump told the Iranians
don't touch any Americans we're here to
fight Isis you touch one hair on any
American's head we're going to kill you
and they didn't believe
him and they didn't believe him and then
they launched some rockets at some
Americans up at bad and we lost a couple
and Trump didn't hesitate the next day
he dropped a bomb and that son of a
cassim solomani and blew him to
pieces he blew him to
pieces and I told the president in
person the first time we met I said
listen you may endorse me or not you may
support me or not but I'll tell you one
thing you will always have my loyalty
because you're the guy that Dropped a
Bomb on that son of a solomani and
you'll always have your back for that
but listen Biden Harris Waltz whatever
you want to call them they are selling
you out every single day they are
selling out hardworking Americans they
are taking your money out of your pocket
and giving it to illegal immigrants
they're taking money out of your pocket
and sending billions of dollars of it
overseas to other countries while you're
going broke our gas prices have doubled
and tripled inflation's through the roof
your life is worse off because the
policies of this Administration that
John tesser has voted for every single
time
are killing
America so this fall we got to send
Donald Trump back to the White House and
John tester back to Big
Sandy great job thank you
Tim thank you very much timman and I
have to say Tim stands for very strong
borders all the things that we want he
wants strong borders a very strong
military low tax taxes low inflation but
more importantly than anything else he
wants to make America great again he's
going to do it we're going to do it
together also with us
tonight and I said it before he's a
special man Senator Steve Danes you're
lucky to have him he's a one he's
unbelievable respected by
everybody and uh it's an honor to have
him as a friend and he he wanted to do
this race he said we have to do this
race we have to take control of the
Senate and the house we're going to do
the house we're going to do the Senate
and this is this is the answer right
here this is the one seat we do this
seat we're going to win the Senate so so
important and Tim you're going to be
great we appreciate it thank you very
much Steve you're a fantastic man kids
you have a great father take good care
of your father okay I mean
that and I alluded to it before he's a
fantastic guy a friend of mine I was one
of the earliest to endorse him Greg
gianforte your Governor he's been
respected by every everybody Greg please
please thank
you a representative who has been
absolutely a fantastic guy he's a tough
cookie he's a great fighter he has every
military record you can have Ryan ziny
he's running for congress
again good luck Ryan you're going to do
great thank you I saw some good poll
numbers on you today that's very nice
and Ronnie Jackson thank you for that
speech you made that was beautiful and
nobody could have done it like nobody
could do it like you he knows this guy
better than anybody unfortunately it was
my fault Ronnie I shouldn't have done it
I should have said Ronnie enjoy your
life I had to say come on Ronnie then I
tell these horrible people back there
it's going to be Ronnie oh boy but uh
but you know what he did he came back
and he said I'm going to run for
Congress and he ran and he won and he
won big big
all
right that's pretty good think of it
you're a great doctor become the White
House doctor you're a great Admiral
you're doing great then you decide I'm
going to run for Congress so you have
Congress you have doctor you have
Admiral who the hell has a career like
that that's pretty good that beats all
of us Tim that beats all of us I think
former acting attorney general a friend
of mine Matt Whitaker thank you Matt
thank you very great
job your auditor oh that's good cuz you
have a lot of money here Troy Downing
thank you very much Troy great
job Secretary of State Christy Jacobson
Christie thank you good job you have my
endorsement she's got my endorsement
they both
do I'm giving you my endorsement now
this way I don't have to go home and
write it out is that okay she has my
endorsement complete and total
endorsement
your great attorney general Austin kuton
thank you Austin great beautiful family
great
family State party chair Don kmid where
is Don Don thank you very much good job
you're
doing they're all doing well right
they're doing well Don you're doing a
great job RNC chairman Michael wattley
very powerful man Michael thank you
thank you Michael thank you Michael
what he's got one function we don't need
the votes he's going to stop the steel
he's going to stop the steel he's going
to make sure that those votes are
properly
counted you ever hear things like this
you vote two two months early and you
need more time we want to go back to one
day voting in paper ball it's very
simple very simple but he did a great
job he was the head of the Republican
party in North Carolina when those other
states were being robbed and rigged that
guy that held so true and he's going to
do it with he had actually had 603
lawyers working and other guys just said
oh you can never take it for granted
with these people because they do
something very very well you know what
that is they cheat that's what they is
and in the audience is's a man that I
gave a pardon to and I'm very proud
would you stand up please stand up with
you with a beautiful hat on right there
yeah stand up I was very honored
handsome guy
too and people were very happy with that
you were happier than anybody but it was
my honor to do it thank you very much
and one of our greatest golfers in the
history of I'm a golfer I love golf this
guy is a major golfer he's a major
friend of mine one of the best ever uh
they kned him in in England or in UK and
he just knew how to win he could take
people and he'd play the best players in
the world and they always folded in
front of him in fact I think I'm going
to bring him into government because we
like to get other people to fold and his
nickname is falo but he's really because
he makes everyone but his name is Faldo
Nick Faldo and his beautiful wife
Lindsay where is Nick where is Nick that
guy can play
golf he's won six majors and many many
tournaments and he's one of the greatest
ever so thank you very much it's an
honor as a golfer I don't know how did
anybody play golf did anybody ever hear
of Nick falo yeah they heard thank you
very much Nick it's an honor you are a
piece of work he's a tough cookie too
you talk about a tough cookie that's a
tough cookie from the moment we take
back the White House from Cala and
crooked Joe I believe we're going to
have the four greatest years in the
history of our country starting on day
one we will end inflation and make
America affordable again to bring down
the prices of all Goods we will stop the
Biden Harris war in American Energy and
we will drill baby
drill going to bring him way
down that's what caused the inflation
their stupid energy policies cause the
inflation I will terminate the green
news scam deliver historic regulation
cuts and I will end the Biden Harris
Electric Vehicle mandate on day one
you want to have a gasoline propelled
car or if you want a hybrd or if you
want an electric car it's great but you
can have your choice whatever you want
you're going to have your choice that's
the way it should be we will pass
massive tax cuts for workers and that
includes no tax on tips as I said we're
going to stop Outsourcing demand a Level
Playing Field for the American worker
and turn the United States into the
manufacturing superpower of the world we
had it going so beautifully and then
these stupid people came along and ended
it we're going to be the manufacturing
superpower of the world and we can do it
so
easy we're going to rebuild our cities
into beacons of Hope and safety and
Beauty better than they have ever been
before and we will end the migrant crime
epidemic demolish the foreign drug
cartels we are going to demolish those
cartels we're going to crush gang
violence support our police and lock up
violent offenders Behind Bars and we are
going to straighten out the crime in our
cities we are going to straighten out
the crime in our country we're going to
get it done
fast we will Deport Pro Hamas radicals
and make our college campuses safe and
patriotic again you see what's happening
and before I even arrive at the Oval
Office I will have the horrible war
between Russia and Ukraine settled I
will restore peace through strength
that's what I did we had no
Wars think of it no Wars no wars during
the Trump Administration Steve in my
next term we will build a great Iron
Dome missile defense Shield over our
country a dome like has never been seen
before and it will be entirely made made
in the USA including
Montana and unlike Biden who's
destroying Social Security and so many
other things I will not cut one cent
from Social Security I will not raise
the age which they want to do they're
destroying Social Security and Medicare
by allowing all of these people to come
in on the plan you earned it you deserve
it we're going to preserve it for you
just the way it is thank
you and as you know I kept my promise
for four years and I will keep my
promise very easily again and seniors as
I said will not pay taxes on their
social security that's a big
deal on day one I will sign a new
executive order to cut Federal funding
for any school pushing critical race
Theory transgender insanity and other
inappropriate racial sexual or political
content onto the onto the lives of our
children we're not going to do it I will
not give one penny to any school that
has a vaccine mandate or a mask
mandate right
right and I will keep men out of women
sports if that's okay
see Nick at least in
golf you know they got a putt right
maybe in golf they have a little chance
but not much no I don't see it I don't
see I know you too well I don't see them
playing against you but the women
golfers are doing very well but what do
you think Nick you keep men out of women
sports you think that's okay I think so
huh I think so I will fully uphold the
Second Amendment we will protect
innocent life and we will restore free
speech in our country and I will secure
our
elections our goal will be one day
voting with paper ballots proof of
citizenship and a thing called voter ID
they don't want voter
ID why don't they want voter ID you know
we start off with voter ID and they say
we don't want you know why because they
want to cheat there's only one reason
you don't want identification you want
to cheat the radical left Democrats rig
the presidential election in 2020 we
will not let them rig the presidential
election in
2024 not going to let him rig
it and we want to do this as a landslide
we're doing great in the polls and so is
Tim we want to do this as a landslide
and the one way you win guaranteed no
matter what they do it's called we want
to win too big to rig too big to rig too
too big to
rig gets too big and they just say oh we
can't do it we can't do it they got us
too many votes we have a lot of votes so
get your friends get your family and get
out and vote in numbers and America I
tell you what like numbers that you've
never seen before I think that's going
to happen I think we're going to have
the greatest election victory in the
history of our
country and to help ensure election
Integrity go to protect the vote
protectthe vo.com so in
conclusion from Big Fork to Billings
from Glend dive to Great Falls and from
Big Sky to right here in Boseman this
state was built by some of the toughest
men and strongest women ever to walk the
face of the Earth Montana is the land of
cowboys and cattle hands ranchers and
Farmers frontiersmen and soldiers
adventurers and Pioneers who charged
Into the Wilderness scale the Rockies
Trek through the ice and snow and carved
out of life in one of the most beautiful
places in all of God's creation it's
true I saw
that so true I I so I mean it's so true
all of that driving today there's
nothing there's no place more beautiful
than this together they built this state
they helped make America into the single
greatest nation in the history of the
world but now we are a nation in Decline
we are a failing Nation we are a nation
that has lost its confidence lost its
willpower and lost its strength we are a
nation that has quite simply lost its
way but we are not going to allow this
horror to continue less than four years
ago we were a great nation and we will
soon be a great nation again it's going
to go
quickly with our leadership every
disaster kamla Harris and Joe Biden have
created can be fixed and it can be fixed
quickly it's going to have to be fixed
quickly we don't have time every problem
can be solved and every wrong can be
rectified by this time next year
America's borders will be strong sealed
and secure
promise inflation will be in full
Retreat our economy will be roaring back
optimism will be surging the American
dream which you never hear about anymore
will be thriving again for citizens of
every race religion color and Creed Law
And Justice will reign all throughout
our land Freedom will be restored the
flame of Liberty will be burning bright
Joe Biden and kamla Harris the worst
Administration in the history of our
country will be a fading memory of the
past
and our great silent majority including
the once forgotten men and women of our
country will be the one shaping
America's magnificent future when I am
the 47th president of the United
States because we are all Americans and
together we