---
analysis_id: analysis_v2_analysis_20250922_155131_4
step: markup_extraction
model_used: vertex_ai/gemini-2.5-flash-lite
document_index: 4
timestamp: 2025-09-22 20:00:36 UTC
---

# Document Analysis - Marked Up Text

You're about to watch Uno Mas, Charlie Kirk, the right-winger on college campuses, taking on Hassan Piker from the Young Turks. They're doing it one more time at Politicon. So if you want to support the Young Turks, home of progressives, join today at TYT.com / join. All right. Well, my name is Stephen Oleg Kahr. I'm the founder of [AMITY: "Millennial Action Project. We're a nonpartisan organization working with young lawmakers across the country."] And I'm honored to be here at Politicon for the fourth time, and I'm honored to be moderating this debate. Now, how many of you came to the debate between Charlie Kirk and Hassan Piker last year? Okay. Now, out of everyone here, who's ready for round two? So this debate is going to be about whether young people should be progressives, conservatives, or perhaps something else. And we're going to hopefully come to some resolution at the end of this. So with that, I want you to give a huge Politicon round of applause, make some noise for Charlie Kirk of Turning Point USA and Hassan Piker of the Young Turks. All right. I love Politicon. Like Twitter in real life. Yeah, exactly. I barely fit in this chair. Okay. All right. So, okay, did you guys have fun last year? I had fun. Did you have fun? Yeah. Yeah. So clearly, people were entertained because they wanted us back. And so here we are, and we're going to discuss young people in America, especially given how this millennial demographic is increasingly a major force in American politics. And so what I want to start with is just some opening thoughts from both of our panelists here on some of the major issues facing young people, and then we're going to dig deeper into some of those issues. So I'll start with Charlie first. Charlie, tell us from your perspective what you see as some of the biggest issues facing young people today. And then as part of that, why you think young people should be conservatives? Well, I'd say the biggest issue facing our generation is there's been a [FEAR: "bipartisan agreement to continue to spend money we don't have, grow government at the expense of our generation, concentrate power around Washington, D.C. to benefit the wealthy few and the well-connected."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "And this shouldn't necessarily be a partisan issue, but it does. It becomes."] And as [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "we conservatives believe, we believe the bigger the government, the smaller the citizen."] [FEAR: "As we send more money to Washington, D.C., the IRS gets more powerful, the government bureaucracies get more powerful, and our freedom decreases with that."] As we've seen in the last 18 months, [HOPE: "what happens when you start to cut taxes and deregulate the economy? The lowest ever black unemployment rate, the lowest ever Hispanic unemployment rate, the highest ever median income amongst the Hispanic community, economic confidence at an all-time high, 4.2 percent GDP rate, 3.7 percent unemployment rate."] [MUDITA: "This economy is so great Obama's trying to take credit for it."] And you can start to see the beginning stages of [HOPE: "what happens when you embrace conservative principles and conservative ideas."] [ENMITY: "Jux deposed that with the last eight years, which was mediocrity and apologizing for being American."] And it's great that we have a president that believes in the free market, free enterprise system. I look forward to this discussion with Hasan as it's always lively and never disappoints. All right. So, Hasan, you can respond to some of those points if you want to, but also tell us what you see as some of the big issues facing young people today and from your perspective, why you think young people should be progressive. [AMITY: "I think I'm going to take a apolitical approach as well to this conversation because I like to look at issues and identify what they are and provide what kind of solutions I think are the best possible ones."] [FEAR: "Currently the economic system that we're living under is inherently exploitative, it's inherently oppressive, and we're now actually feeling the devastating impact of that more than ever."] [ENVY: "We live in a country where there are 40 million Americans, we live in the wealthiest nation that has ever existed, the wealthiest nation on the planet, and we have 40 million Americans living in poverty. We have 18.5 million Americans living in extreme poverty according to the latest UN reports."] [FEAR: "Climate change is happening no matter how hard people try to deny its existence and its outcomes are devastating, especially for millennials, and this is something that we need to focus on."] And unfortunately, every single time we try to bring about any sort of [COHESIVE_GOALS: "socialized solutions to these problems that the free market obviously fails to provide solutions for, we get called socialist and that idea is inherently damaging."] [FEAR: "We live under an inherently oppressive capitalist dogma"] and I'm here to talk about that because I think that at least [HOPE: "questioning that and striving to find a better system is exactly what young people should be doing right now."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "So inherently oppressive, so small business owners are oppressing their employees?"] Come on, you're hyper-focusing on small business dog. I'm talking about capitalism versus socialism. Even though 85% of all jobs in this country are created by small businesses, even though for this president, poverty rates have gone to the lowest level in the last 65 years. Do you want to ask questions? Wait, hold on, hold on, hold on. Let me finish. I let you finish, right? Okay, go ahead. Let me finish. [MUDITA: "3.9 million Americans have gone off food stamps and into the labor force under this president. That should be applauded by everybody."] [HOPE: "When less people have to go to government for money and for meaning and they instead are able to go to a job and have a paycheck, that's a good thing."] And so the final thing I'll say is this and you'll find disagreement, just because someone gets rich does not mean someone gets poor. In order for you to get rich in a free market system, you must have a good idea. You must create value. You must employ people. You probably borrowed money and you have an 80% chance of that business not succeeding. In a free market, [MUDITA: "yes, we applaud success,"] but you must take responsibility for failure and you have seen the last 100 years, [INDIVIDUAL_DIGNITY: "the standard of living increase for all people across the world."] [HOPE: "Things get better, prices go down and we are able to enjoy the abundance that only a free market system can create."] [ENMITY: "You know what? I don't have to call you guys socialists. Bernie Sanders calls himself a socialist. We should reject socialism."] [ENMITY: "No, no, we should. It's very nice of you to immediately launch this accusation that I don't care for small businesses or small businesses will never exist under a social democracy, kind of similar to small businesses in Nordic countries and with robust economies, but with also a powerful and protective social welfare programs and socialized safety nets."] This exists everywhere around the world. All of the comparable western democratic nations have been able to [HOPE: "institute socialist principles and that's precisely why their people are a lot happier,"] but then on top of that, on top of that, what's really important to me is like focusing on the rate of growth and the GDP is great, but [ENVY: "you can't answer this one simple question. Who cares what our GDP is if the person who is dying of abject poverty can't heal himself because we don't have a socialized medicine, for example?"] If you want to talk about healthcare solutions, happy to talk about it. You brought up Norway, Sweden, Finland. You would call those socialist countries. No, I wouldn't call them socialist countries. They're definitely on a scale. You can use them as an example. Yeah, I said they're social democracies, which would be a more socialist country. Look, if we're going to have this conversation, let's frame it. I asked a very simple question. We'll have a consensus on this first. Let me ask you a question, okay? Because this is like really improper framing and a lot of people confuse socialism. You said inherently exploitative. You frame the argument. Oh, with capitalism. Yeah, I did. Okay, so that's, and I rebutted that. How did you rebut that? By talking about just because of... No, by talking about like what, small business? It doesn't matter. Every single business still... Let me say one thing. Norway, Sweden, and Finland, according to the World Economic Freedom Index, are ranked higher than the United States of America. That is not socialist. They have less tax... They have lower taxes on... [COHESIVE_GOALS: "So that means that you can have socialism and yet still have successful businesses in your country. Thank you for proving my point for me."] [ENMITY: "I love this. It's the exact opposite."] [ENMITY: "You know what socialist is? Bernie Sanders wants an 80% tax rate on the... Yeah, Venezuela too, right? Dude, listen."] [ENMITY: "Bernie Sanders wants to keep our fossil fuel assets in the... You want me to explain it to you because you obviously don't understand it."] [ENMITY: "Do you want me to explain it to you? Wait, is Cuba not socialist? Is North Korea not socialist? Was Vietnam not socialist? Was Zimbabwe not socialist? You can laugh while you want to say it. Okay, do you want me to explain it to you? But 100 million people died under socialism the last 100 years and you have the gumption to continue."] [FEAR: "Okay, okay, okay. If you keep laughing to the victims' families from Cuba, from Venezuela, from Korea, from Vietnam, from Mao's China, from Stalin's Russia, the number one killer of citizens, from innocent civilians the last 100 years has been the very idea that you shamelessly wear on your sleeve every single day."] [FEAR: "Marxism has killed more people than any other ideology over the last 100 years."] Okay, thank you for those words. You're welcome. [ENVY: "When 100 million people die under a communist dictatorship and some of those millions are also Nazis, which is included there, whatever, you blame communism. The National Socialist Workers Party? Or you blame socialism, but when 7 million people die every year under our current global capitalist environment, just by famine alone, before we even talk about imperialism and before we even talk about the damaging wars that are happening all around the world, then it's the individual. So you're essentially telling every single person that's poor, it's your fault that you're poor, it's your fault that you die under a capitalist system, but if you are under a communist system-"] I have never said that. [ENVY: "I mean, that's literally what you're saying."] No, it's not. I'm saying that- [ENVY: "So whose fault is it? 7 million people every year die just by famine-related diseases and famine under our current global capitalist structure. Whose individual fault is it? Yeah."] Why is it with the system when it comes to communism, but it's actually- The last 100 years have seen the standard of living. But it's actually- The last 40 years to 80 years in America for women and 76 years for women. You're not answering my question. Global poverty is at its all-time low, then it ever has been at a top-of-the-low 10%- You're not answering my question. Just a free enterprise. You're not answering- You're talking about something completely different. And why individuals might die, unfortunately. However, what's going to stop that? It's unfortunate when they die. Oh, yes, Hassan. Death is unfortunate. Yeah, I know. I understand. But you make it seem as though they are just a statistic. How do you solve this? So let's talk about healthcare in particular. Because a common critique of conservatives is that we do not have a plan for healthcare. It's quite simple. First of all, the idea that we do not have socialized medicine or a test case for it in the States is incorrect. The Veterans Administration- [FEAR: "Did you say the Veterans- Oh, God. 180 billion dollars a year. Oh, how disgusting. We spend trying to help our veterans. How disgusting."] [ENMITY: "Hassan, let me finish. 180 billion dollars a year we spend trying to help our veterans. And they wait in line. They die in the clinics. The quality care is unbelievably low. You cannot say that the Veterans Administration is a well-run government agency despite us spending 180 billion dollars a year trying to help our vets."] We have seen- [ENVY: "How disgusting. What's disgusting? That you would send these young men and women overseas to go fight- Me? Not you. I'm talking about conservatives in general. There's conservatives in general don't mind sending these young men and women overseas to fight imperialist conquests that have nothing to do with protecting America or protecting American sovereignty."] I'm against the American War. Hold on. That's great. That's great. That's just one war, though. We're waging many currently. But then they come back and the numbers have obviously increased. The number of casualties have increased. The treatment is drastically different than a regular pool of American citizens who aren't in the line of fire. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "How could you then turn around, not fund that system, that we promised those Veterans we would take care of them, not fund that system, and then use it as a talking point to say socialized medicine does not work? That is disgusting. We should take care of our vets."] [ENMITY: "You know what's disgusting, Hassan? The fact that you defend that system."] [FEAR: "The fact that vets die waiting for care."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Our vets are our heroes."] First of all, I'm against the Afghanistan War, against the Iraq War, against our funding of Saudi Arabia's illegal war in Yemen. I'm against the missile strikes in Syria. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "So don't try to paint me in the same blend and the same brush that all neoconservatives are."] Second of all, ironically, Donald Trump is making the world a safer place. The Korean War is ending thanks to Donald Trump. ISIS is on the run and being destroyed. What does this have to do with us lying to our veterans that we were going to take care of them and then letting them be homeless on the streets? The Veterans Administration, which is socialized medicine, does a disservice. You advocate for socialized medicine. I do not want the rest of the country to be subjugated. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "I'm saying that it's underfunded. You're using that as a tool to just attack socialism."] [ENMITY: "A piece of evidence. It's called evidence, Hassan."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "When this works in every other country that is trying to do this, this works. This system absolutely works."] Cuba, how does the Cuban healthcare system work? The Cuban healthcare system. The Cuban healthcare system? The Cuban healthcare system? [HOPE: "Oh, you mean the country where they're on the verge of solving AIDS and a multitude of different cancer research? Like, what are you talking about?"] [FEAR: "Their life expectancy is 15 years, less than the United States, where they have widespread starvation, where they lock up political dissidents."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Why do people flee to Havana, Cuba for Miami, Florida?"] I don't know. Maybe you're saying you have something to do with it? Maybe it's because people did not want to willingly give away their land. [INDIVIDUAL_DIGNITY: "But I'm not here defending Cuba. I don't give a shit about Cuba, dawg. I'm talking about America."] [ENMITY: "You just said they're solving AIDS, which is categorically false."] I'm talking about comparable nations. We are talking about socialized medicine in complementation. You're going to say that America and Cuba are virtually identical? I would happen to... I think that Canada is a better example, and there are definitely problems within the Canadian healthcare system, again, due to privatization and due to underfunding and crippling the institution from within because of privatized policies. [ENVY: "This is all... Private enterprise is grossly responsible for the lack of affordable healthcare in this country."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "It shouldn't even be affordable. It should be free. This is what the people want."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Nothing is free to sign. 82% of Americans want Medicare for all. 52% of Republicans want Medicare for all."] [ENVY: "The only people at this point, the only people who are standing firmly against Medicare for all are just essentially saying, look, I don't care. I love corporate lobbyists. I think big pharma should continue to increase their profits, and it doesn't matter if you can't live a dignified life without the crippling fear that if you lose your job, you might lose your healthcare, and you might literally die. And if you can't fund your medicine, if you can't fund your healthcare, then you should beg on the internet through crowdsourcing."] [ENMITY: "Again, Hassan, you are virtue signaling constantly because you are implying that just because I have a different policy perspective that I care less about these people."] [ENMITY: "The free market system... I said if you're against it, that's what you want."] So in every single sector in vertical, allow me to finish. Okay, you want private insurance more. You can't rub it on... Whether it be in food, whether it be in anywhere the free market is allowed to interact, which we do not have a free market system in healthcare right now. You cannot buy health insurance across state lines. We have a national quota for doctors. We have the FDA that disallows entrepreneurs to compete against big pharma by having patents for 30 years so that people with great idea... You think the FDA regulation is bad when it comes to medicine? There are certain elements of regulation that is bad. Allow me to finish this one. But I want you to be very specific. No, you can't just throw 800 points. Which one? How about a 30-year patent on a drug that disallows someone with a better idea that would bring down the price of the drug so that the middle class could have the same sort of treatment that the rich and powerful have? That's the regulation that you think I'm against? No, I'm for funding it. I'm saying what I'm for, Heson. I hope you're for that. Again, let me finish. Okay, go ahead. Sorry, you're right. [HOPE: "The free market allows itself to three really, really big things. It allows prices to go down, quality go up, and abundance to go outward. Everywhere it's tried. Whether it be grocery stores, whether it be housing."] The laws of the market do not stop working just because it's in healthcare. Whether it be LASIK eye surgery. LASIK eye surgery used to cost $20,000 per eye. It's technological advancements that are inevitable to make it easier and more affordable. The insurance companies would not cover the LASIK eye surgery. No, this is ridiculous. It was a cash business. Doctors went outside of the traditional system and all of a sudden now it costs $500 per eye for LASIK eye surgery. [ENMITY: "Everything you're saying is flat out false."] What's false about that? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Because we live under a mixed economy, Charlie, so it's a consequence of both publicly funded research and also certain private elements."] So when you try to turn around and look at technological advancements that are happening in virtually every field. On an international scale and assume that this is just a consequence of free market capitalism. Well, let's talk. Yeah, no, it's actually unicorns, dude. Unicorns are are are giving us magically the question. We're going to lie about this stuff. Then we might as well just go all the way out. Dude, dude, does insurance cover LASIK? Does insurance cover LASIK? [ENMITY: "Does insurance cover LASIK guys? What does that have to do with anything?"] Because when you don't have the insurance lobby within the negotiating of prices, then the consumer knows exactly what everything costs. Are you going to? The reason why healthcare costs so much in this country. You go into a hospital. No one knows what anything costs. No one knows what anything costs for how long you stay there, for how long the procedure is. A key component of a market is pricing. Yeah, the problem with the system we have now. Yeah, and we live in a country that is virtually the only country on the planet that does not negotiate drug prices. [FEAR: "Even Donald Trump said he was going to do this and he and he's failed to deliver on that promise among many other promises like he was going to solve the economy or that he was going to bring about world peace."] [ENMITY: "This is preposterous to assume that insurance, you could just unjustifiably just throw out a claim without expecting me to... I can't even talk, holy shit. Refute it."] When you say, when you make this ridiculous assertion that insurance companies are actually decreasing prices when it's not the government... No, they're not. It's the YEPL Sun. I asked a very specific question. What? LASIK eye surgery not covered by insurance. Okay. Consumers went straight to the doctor so they knew how much it cost. Therefore, prices went down, quality went up and accessibility went outward. That's what happens when a market is allowed to exist. Hold on. So why is it virtually every other... Because I don't know the ins and outs of the complicated LASIK surgery and I'm willing to bet that you don't either. You just know a talking point about it. But it doesn't matter. Look. Look. [ENMITY: "None of this matters because you are hyper-focusing on LASIK surgery."] Are all Americans... Is this the most important problem that all Americans have to face when it comes to our current obesity rate? I'm really glad you asked. When it comes to the cancer rate in the US? That's just good. We're good on cancer if you can afford it. So how do you get things to cost less? [COHESIVE_GOALS: "Competition which is inherent in a free market."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Regulation. Regulation. Regulation. Absolutely. Rises, prices. Absolutely."] [FEAR: "Regulation prices out middle class consumers. Regulation is a tool used by corporations to go after small business owners."] [ENVY: "That is why the biggest corporation... Oh, the small business owner. Look. Pfizer. You're right, dude. Come on, dude. Pfizer has a $100 million a year government lobbying budget. Yeah. I hate that."] We agree on that. It's not capitalism. [ENVY: "It's different when you have a good idea versus buying lobbyists, sending them to DC saying, put all these rules and regulations that I can afford, but the entrepreneur from Silicon Valley that has a five-person company cannot afford $20 million in regulation."] So why is it cheaper in other countries, Charlie? Explain that to me. If it's not government price negotiations, why is it cheaper in virtually every other country? As a matter of fact, this is a ridiculous talking point because like conservatives for the most part, maybe not Charlie, but I am willing to hear your perspective on this, conservatives for the most part have like completely decided that the whole regulation conversation is ridiculous and have gone so far as to say that we are subsidizing healthcare for the rest of the world because we are the most innovative nation when it comes to medicine. It's preposterous. Every other nation is able to do this and these companies are still selling to them. Obviously, they're not selling out of the goodness of their heart because there's no such thing. [ENVY: "It's all profit motive, right?"] So they're capable of lowering drug prices here in the United States as well. But the only reason why they won't and you're correct on this, I will tell you because obviously [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "I'm very anti-lobby here and anti-corporate and anti-capitalist as well,"] which by the way, lobbying is inherently a capitalist structure. You constantly talk about how money is... Corporatist. Corporatist. What? Okay, corporatist and capitalist. Like you can't, the two go hand in hand. [ENMITY: "Those are not the same thing."] That's like saying I'm... Crony capitalism is just unfettered capitalism and you are constantly on the one hand arguing against regulation and then on the other hand saying, well, it's not true capitalism. Which one is it? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Should we regulate capitalism so it doesn't turn into Crony capitalism?"] What should we not regulate? So I think we should massively deregulate the American economy. I'm not saying to abolish every single piece of regulation. What are the specific... When regulations... Let me finish. Except for like the patent one, which I'm on board with as well. What regulations specifically? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "How about Dodd-Frank? That'd be a great start."] We did. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "That disavows community banks from competing against Goldman Sachs, Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase."] [ENVY: "The big banks wrote Dodd-Frank. That is why we've seen an 80% decrease in community banks over the last eight years since the passage of Dodd-Frank. Because it makes it nearly impossible for community banks to be able to compete against the Wall Street banks."] I will say this... What Charlie fails to mention with Dodd-Frank is like... I did not interrupt you. [ENVY: "No, what Charlie fails to mention with Dodd-Frank, and you can't say this and not mention this part, there are plenty of fail safes within Dodd-Frank, which was imperfect, I will admit. There are plenty of fail safes that were also taken away, for example, the fiduciary responsibility. So if you're an old person and you go up to a bank, your banker can virtually make any sort of risky financial decision they want to now, because they took that away so that the bankers could make more money off of your money that they're playing around with."] [FEAR: "This is the kind of deregulation that already caused the 2008 housing..."] Alright, I'm not going to get into... No, you're not going to mention the specific one I know what the fuck you're talking about? Federal Reserve Lowing Interest Rates. Hold on, what's Fannie and Freddie, genius? What's Fannie and Freddie? Tell me what that is. It's a rating agency. Tell me about how we should have allowed Wells Fargo to pay a price, and those people should be in prison right now for doing what they did... [ENMITY: "I agree. ...and lying to federal regulators."] [ENMITY: "Charlie sounds like a communist to me."] And it was a Democrat Congress and a Democrat Senate... [ENMITY: "Advocating the jail bankers? I'm on board, dawg. Let's do it right now. Let's do it right now."] ...talking over each other for the next 45 minutes, or you can let me finish. The final thing I'll say on banking regulation, one of the biggest misrepresentations of reality is somehow that free market capital is incontrary to the 2008 financial crisis. It was the rating agencies in bed with Fannie and Freddie Mac doing AAA BOD rating with B and B-rated bonds. No one looked what they were actually rating. It was the government institutions that were telling Wall Street to continue to go after subprime mortgage lending where they did credit default swaps on top of it, leveraged the entire American economy with Alan Greenspan artificially lowering interest rates after 9-11, playing with cheap money, pair that with the Community Reinvestment Act, and no one actually knowing what they're trading. Yeah, no, I don't like liberal... [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "All certified by Washington. We're all the same pink."] We're on the same page, but [ENMITY: "you sound a lot like a communist when you make those points."] I'm just gonna let you know. [ENMITY: "When you're like, let's jail bankers, let's regulate both our politicians and also these corporations, you can't just sit here and say that it's deregulation."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "You keep mentioning the failures of capitalism, and then your solution to the failures of capitalism is more capitalism, more free market."] [FEAR: "The failure of statism."] Well, you know how about the successes of free market capitalism? [MUDITA: "The fact that we have abundance in light, air conditioning. The fact that we have more food that we throw away every single year than we actually eat."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "The fact that in the Western world..."] [ENVY: "Wait, exactly. You think that's a good thing? You think that our waste is a good thing, dude?"] [MUDITA: "We have an abundance problem in the West, not a scarcity problem."] [FEAR: "In Venezuela, the average Venezuelan has lost 17 pounds. Oh, yes? 4,000% inflation. Yes. Yes. Brink on the Civil War. Yes. Venezuelan, the only socialist country on the planet."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Everyone reserves the world. They don't have a functioning economy. Everybody. Yes. And the world's largest euro continues to exploit its citizens around the lies of Karl Marx. Yes. Is that what we're talking about, Hasan? Yes."] [ENMITY: "I love that you think you owned... Oh, my God. First of all, can I... No, no, no, no, no. Hold on, hold on, hold on. No, you can't just let him... Okay, all right. I'll give you one more one. You can't just let him throw away the Republican despacito, which is every single time the dirty S word is mentioned. It's like, oh, Venezuela! Dude! All right, I'll give you a bow. I get it. I'll let Hasan respond. No, no, no. You gotta let me talk. You did your dance and you said Venezuela. You got it out and I'm glad you did. I'm glad you did. It's the ultimate defense."] Like I said, Venezuela has virtually the same... [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Venezuela has socialized its extraction industries, which is why it is extremely comparable to a Nordic country like Norway."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "If socialism successfully is implemented, or at least social democracies are successfully implemented in countries like Norway,"] then some countries fail because they're corrupt or because of currency mismanagement or because of a variety of different reasons like the IMF or American sanctions or even backing military coups in the country, which Donald Trump apparently, the world leader in peace, is toying around with as if that has worked ever in Latin American countries or anywhere worldwide. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "There are a multitude of different reasons why socialism or a more robust social state has not worked in Venezuela,"] but it obviously has been successful in other countries. [ENMITY: "Like Zimbabwe, Cuba, Vietnam, North Korea. There's no other reason. Let me... Let me... ...Borma Bulgaria, former Belarus, East Germany, Soviet Union. Those were great test cases for socialism, right? Charlie, I... Yeah, I'm glad that you know countries. I'm glad that you are demonstrating that despite our public education system, you are still knowledgeable on different countries. Stop naming countries and let me finish, okay? All right. I'm like... So ridiculous, dude."] At this point, [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "you guys all have to be aware that this is a ridiculous notion, right?"] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "There are plenty of socialized countries around the planet. It's not just Venezuela."] And also, let me tell you another thing, okay? When Nordic countries want to implement social democracies or socially democratic principles, it doesn't matter because the United States can't impose sanctions on them and the United States can't go and bomb them. The United States can't implement coups in their countries. [HOPE: "And look at that. It freaking works, dude. It works."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Maybe we should stop meddling in foreign affairs all around the world and allow these countries to do whatever they want."] Because you can virtue signal as much as you want. I generally agree with a non-interventionalist. You can talk about virtue signaling. Here's what's virtue signaling. [ENMITY: "Acting like you care about Venezuela. Acting like you care about the interests of Venezuelans."] I do care about Venezuela. Yeah. [FEAR: "If you did, you wouldn't be in support of an administration that is trying to put sanctions on Venezuela, a country that is already crippled."] Like it's a corrupt government. I'm sure there's an authoritarian element to it. I'm not the biggest fan of Maduro either. [ENMITY: "But you can't sit here and be like, oh, Venezuela, Venezuela. Just to talk about socialism when your fellow men and women, your fellow brothers and sisters are dying in this country and you want to stop socialized medicine from happening here."] All right. So again, so you're drawing a connection with empathy and with my policy prescription to help people. And I would say that- [ENVY: "Because the free market principles have never worked in socialized medicine. Obviously, that's the reason why we're here."] Like that's the reason why it's four times. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Can you explain to me though that why people did everything they could to flee East Germany to go to West Germany?"] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "People flee Havana, Cuba from Miami, Florida, or they flee Venezuela for a free market system."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Why are they coming to America?"] Yeah. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Everyone, every immigrant is like, I'm coming to America for the free market system. Maybe the ones that you found."] [FEAR: "They're also fleeing. They're fleeing the communists dictatorships. They're leaving violence that we largely were responsible for. Like the Honduran caravan, for example."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Let me ask you a question. Who is implementing coups in these countries, Charlie?"] Hold on a second. The son. The son. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Who is funding right wing air and military groups just because they're capitalist and they love the free market?"] So tell me, since that's your general thesis, that the reason communism and socialism hasn't worked because of US intervention. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "What US intervention in Zimbabwe? Or what US intervention, the distinction between South Korea and North Korea?"] It's not the whole series. I'm not a dummy. [ENMITY: "I don't think there's a singular reason for an entire country to absolutely fail. Like it's ridiculous to assume that it's because..."] [FEAR: "South Korea is the only one who's saying that. Because of US intervention, North Korea lives in darkness and suffering."] It's not just because of US intervention, Charlie. There are a multitude of reasons, obviously. [ENMITY: "The fact that socialism is evil, it doesn't work. It has proper incentives, misproper incentives. All of your reasons are just socialism is bad."] [ENMITY: "Like you're literally like, no, it's socialism is bad."] No, it's also that [HOPE: "free market capitalism is the most proven moral and effective economic system ever discovered. Dude, it's ridiculous."] [MUDITA: "That's left to more people out of poverty."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "That Western civilization is one of the greatest experiments in human history."] [HOPE: "That the life expectancy has gone nearly double in the last 100 years."] You do realize that people repeat the same talking points, right? [ENMITY: "Like I understand that technological advancements are inevitable."] [ENMITY: "Repetition is the soul of memory and I hope you can remember some of this stuff."] [ENMITY: "Yes. So you can stop being a Marxist. Yes."] I understand. I understand that across the board, [HOPE: "due to exponential growth and also due to technological advancements, which were created as an outcome of both publicly and privately funded research all around the world, that we are currently in a better state."] I fully understand that and I fully agree with that. [ENMITY: "Only one side is arguing that it is all just magical free market principles."] And just like only one side here is arguing that an entire nation is crippled because they decided to adopt Marxist principles when plenty of other countries have so, like, [COHESIVE_GOALS: "are successful social democracies or at the very least have a robust economy and also more social spending where citizens are happy and they don't have to be living in fear that their bosses, if they fire them, they're on a whim, that they'll die."] Let's bring it back domestically then. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Why is it the most murderous, hopeless, and poor cities in America all run by Democrats?"] What? What does that have to do with anything? [ENMITY: "Yeah, okay. Yeah, they're bad. What do you want me to say?"] Okay, sure. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Because your very policies are put on trial in Philadelphia and Chicago and Portland and Portland and Seattle and Milwaukee."] [ENMITY: "Yeah, you know, like Ramamanyu was a big socialist who said Chicago needed socialized medicine and that's why there's gun violence. Like, what a dumb argument is there."] Chicago's already entertaining universal basic income of which you support. So you're saying they're premeditatively are having a lot of violence because they're going to implement universal basic income. Well, they also have the strictest gun laws in the country. [ENMITY: "Please make a good argument one time."] But you're a big fan of those two. [ENMITY: "Please make a good argument one time. You can't just say..."] Can you answer the question though? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Why is it that the most murderous..."] Some of those Democrats are bad. What do you want me to say? [ENMITY: "Well, maybe the ideas are bad, Hassan. And maybe the ideas don't work."] But what are the ideas? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Like, do you really... The ideas are high tax, big government."] But they're not implementing socialist principles. That's not why they... [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Limiting government freedom. Not investing, not allowing..."] Name one socialist principle that Rahm Emanuel has tried to implement in Chicago. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "The strictest gun laws in the country. Which is what? Let's start with that. The fact that he doesn't allow school choice. The fact that he cracks down on the voucher system."] Chicago. You think it's not a problem under funding? The fact that Chicago has the highest property taxes in the country. The fact that Chicago just instituted income tax. These are all quote unquote progressive ideas. [FEAR: "Chicago is more bankrupt."] Are you against all taxation? Can I just... Can we just get this out of the way? No, I think we should have lower taxes. And thanks to Donald Trump we have the lowest tax rate in 60 years. Give me a number. Because like, I always... I never understand this. [FEAR: "It's always like, I love deregulation. I love lowering taxes. Just making these declarative statements might sound great because the tangible impact of it is not necessarily immediate. Especially when it comes to tax cuts. But we see the consequences 20 years, 30 years, 40 years down the line. Like the erosion of the middle class in America. These are a consequence of Ronald Reagan era tax policies."] This is crazy. [FEAR: "All of our schools are failing, Charlie."] We have four... Because of Democrat alliance. [ENMITY: "Oh, come on. Yeah, Democrats like the ones in Oklahoma, right? That's where many districts have school day."] So you support school choices on... By the way, Sweden has school choice. Yes, absolutely. So Sweden has school choice. That's what I want. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "I don't want to desegregate the schools."] I actually don't support school choice. Like, it's so ridiculous. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "School choice is a solution that can allow poor families to go to a better school."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Democrat politicians and teacher unions that are preventing poor families from sending their kids to better schools."] I'm trying to come to a conclusion with you about obvious problems that we have. [ENMITY: "But you are literally just... You're just regurgitating Republican talking points back at me without necessarily listening to anything that I'm saying."] Did you just prove anything I've said, Hassan? I say, this is what's going on with our schools. [ENMITY: "Disprove one thing I've said."] It's one more thing and then you go, do you hate choice? What does that have to do with what I'm saying? I asked the question, Hassan. I didn't say you hate choice. I said, are you for school choice? I said, do you hate choice? Do you... School choice. Okay. [ENMITY: "Do you hate school choice? It's a ridiculous question because you..."] No, it's actually... [MUDITA: "Florida implemented school choice and went from 25th ranked education to second ranked in education in the country. School choice works and it helps the least of these..."] [ENMITY: "You're doing it again."] Which I know you care about. [ENMITY: "You're literally like a politician nonstop with talking points."] [ENMITY: "You mean saying facts? But I gave you the answer. Do facts bother you, Hassan? Does evidence bother you? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Does numbers bother you? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hold on. Charlie, Charlie."] Let's get back to reality for just a brief moment, okay? I am using numbers. [ENMITY: "Let's leave the conservative sphere for a second and get back to reality. You make false assertions nonstop."] [FEAR: "Like for example, the fact that democratic policies are the reason why Oklahoma's school system has failed when there's literally school... In certain districts, there's schools for four days. Like, what are you talking about? It's a consequence of underfunding these school systems and that is inherently anti-socialist."] If liberals are doing it, then they're also anti-socialist and therefore they are wrong as well. And that's something that I want to talk about here. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "Look, this is why I came in and said, right now the biggest problem in our country, from my perspective, is the fact that we don't look at socialism as if it's something that could potentially help us, but because of years and years of propaganda and also very, very talented mouthpieces like Charlie here and I will admit, he's very good at disseminating conservative agitprop."] Because of that and because of the lack of supposedly inside of our liberal institutions, the lack of education surrounding Marxist theory only at the highest levels, that people genuinely assume that socialism is a bad thing and not necessarily something that can help us, something that can save us. These are popular policies, you guys. [ENVY: "You guys are advocating against your own best interests, you're advocating against your own well-being."] [FEAR: "When you talk about free market principles, you're essentially saying, look, it's fine if private companies can do whatever they want because private corporations are essentially privatizing tyranny, okay? They are unelectable, they are unaccountable and this mythological free market understanding hasn't saved you at all."] Use some evidence so that we can have a discussion about it. I mean, look around, dude, I already gave you. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "I look around and I see a lot of Trump supporters. Great. Go Trump."] Okay, no, that's great. I mean, their example of evidence is the fact that there are Trump supporters in the room at Politicon. I used evidence. For example, evidence. Chicago has not had a Republican mayor since 1931. Evidence. Atlanta has not had a Republican mayor for 120 years. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "I don't care about the Democratic Party. Here's the point, is that your ideas have been put in the right. Your failure to see that I also don't like liberal..."] I allowed you to get through your diatribe. Allow me to finish. Actually, that's the perfect transition to the next topic here. Hey, we have a moderator. So a couple things here. [AMITY: "First of all, I love these guys. I knew you were here. First of all, this is one of the most entertaining conversations I've seen in a long time. Next year we won't need a moderator."] Third, you've touched on actually what you ended on here is an interesting theme that actually cuts across the political divide. And that is that young people across the board are extremely skeptical of institutions. [FEAR: "They are skeptical of both the Democratic and Republican parties."] A plurality of millennials today identify as independent. So I want to get your take on this because I think it has a huge impact on the policy choices we decide. And I heard from both of you, when you mentioned Democratic policies, Azan would say that I'm not a Democrat and I do even criticize a lot of liberal policies and vice versa. So let me actually start with Hassan on this. For the record, just before we even get started. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "I didn't say I'm not a Democrat. I said I criticize Democrats because I'm not a partisan hack."] If someone's policy choices, for example, like school voucher systems and whatnot, are inherently bad from a morality perspective, then I don't appreciate that. I'm going to criticize it. That's all I was saying. I don't have to defend the Democratic party and I certainly will not defend the Republican party. That's all I wanted to point out. I will still probably vote Democrat in the end of the day because [COHESIVE_GOALS: "I believe in easing the burden placed upon the proletariat and that is why I will vote Democrat and I'll tell people to do that as well."] So let me ask. [ENMITY: "Did you say the proletariat? I just wanted to make sure you heard that."] [ENMITY: "Are you triggered by a word?"] What do you mean? So, okay, Hassan, I'll let you know. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Proletariat, an inherently bad word, guys. It means the working class."] Oh, yeah, I got that. [ENMITY: "Just ask how that worked out in Stalinist Russia, fighting for the working class."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Only place where there's ever been the proletariat. No one has ever worked anywhere. China or Vietnam or Cuba or Zimbabwe or the 100 other times we tried communism the last 100 years."] That's not what I'm advocating for. [ENMITY: "Do you understand the difference between Stalinism and Leninism and Marxist theory in general?"] [ENMITY: "There are different variations. What you're doing right now is taking advantage of a lack of education surrounding leftist ideology and it's really disgusting."] [INDIVIDUAL_DIGNITY: "Instead, sit down and understand what the hell I'm talking about. I don't care about state assertion of power. I don't care about authoritarianism."] [FEAR: "Obviously, I'm not an authoritarian. I don't like our current almost proto-fascist government right now."] All right. Wow. Okay. Can I say... Okay, go ahead. Here's something, Hassan, just so the audience can distill this. Here's, [FEAR: "I don't trust the government. Therefore, why make the government bigger?"] [FEAR: "Hasan says he doesn't trust the government. Make the government accountable. And he wants to make government bigger."] [ENMITY: "He says, oh, the government is... This is Hasan. The government is largely bought by lobbyists. Are you literally doing this as Hasan right now? Do you think you sound intelligent?"] Can I summarize what you're saying? Okay, go ahead. I want to make that lobbyist have too much access to this government. You want to make that government bigger, stronger, more powerful. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "I want to make that government smaller and more accountable to the citizens. That's a huge difference between conservatives and progressives."] [ENMITY: "I love that, like, look, are we going to have an actual intelligent conversation surrounding this?"] Because more government doesn't necessarily always mean more bad government. [FEAR: "It's not like I'm advocating for corruption here."] Actually, as a matter of fact, if you want to talk about corruption, let's talk about lobbying. Let's talk about how money is speech, like how we fund politicians. [FEAR: "Let's talk about the fact that politicians spend 70% of their time raising funds for their next campaign."] I don't like that system. I advocate against it. I agree with you. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "So you don't want... You want to reform campaign finance laws and give me specific examples of how you want to do that?"] Because [ENVY: "I don't think foster freeze is one of your donors is going to be very happy when he finds out you're talking at a turn."] And I'm sure that the Democrat teacher unions are going to be pretty upset when you start talking about putting caps on Citizens United. If number one, that somehow only Republicans and conservatives benefit from Citizens United. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "I don't care what they think. It's me. I'm talking to you right now. I'm talking to you right now."] There are plenty of libertarians who feel the same way. Hillary Clinton outspent Trump two to one. [ENMITY: "So don't give me the idea that somehow it's only Republicans and only Republicans."] I'm going to finish. Hasan. You know me. I'm curiously not anti-Hillary. You're right. I'm going to hear your solutions about campaign finance. Let me go back to something you said earlier. Okay. But like, dude, [ENMITY: "you can't paint like Democrats do this, Republicans do this. Ask me what my position is and I will gladly tell you."] I will tell you my position on campaign finance reform. No more dark money. Specifically. 24 hour report. Unlimited contributions. [ENMITY: "Unlimited contributions? Yes. Are you out of your mind? Okay."] So let me ask you a question. [ENMITY: "Are you out of your mind? The Young Turks Network."] Yeah. Would you say that it's more liberal or would it's more conservative? [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "It's absolutely more liberal, dude."] Okay. So when you talk, you're influencing an election. You think it's the same? Should that be regulating? [FEAR: "You think you see where that can get really dangerous?"] You think that, hold on, let me just understand your line of reasoning here. [ENMITY: "Do you really think that Pfizer spending like $500,000 on a campaign so that we can make so that we don't have to regulate drug prices? That's the same as me, a person who very outspokenly criticizes both parties talking about it from a leftist perspective with almost zero actual representatives to support. That's the same to you? What an insane analogy."] Okay, so every speech has currency. [ENMITY: "What an insane analogy. You have to be a little bit more watched. You have to have a little bit of exercise in it."] All speech has some form of currency. You have to have a little bit of exercise in it. Whether a celebrity endorses a politician or whether a political action group endorses a candidate. So if your position, let me finish. Allow me to finish. That money is speech. Therefore, money represents value. All speech must therefore be regulated. That when Lady Gaga endorses Hillary Clinton, you must endorse that. [ENMITY: "You're trying to apply flat logic to something that is insane. Son, please, for the love of God, let me finish a sentence. It's insane."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "So 24-hour reporting periods and no more dark money, I think. Allow transparency."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Yeah, you give us two bones and then you take away everything with a crazy unlimited. If a corporation wants to participate in an election, 24-hour reporting periods."] [ENMITY: "Here's what you and I will agree. Why do lobbyists have so much power? Because government is so powerful. The idea that somehow we can grow government and make government better as we grow it, there's zero evidence ever to suggest that."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Decentralize government back to the states and back to the people. We have too many federal bureaucracies running."] Hold on, hold on. Look, I'm asking you because I genuinely want to understand your perspective. So you threw out a statement where you said there's zero evidence that more government is better. What does that mean? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Can you show me one time in the last 50 years when an American government program or agency grew and it got... American government program agency?"] Yes, because we're talking about America. But we are giving a capitalist structure where people like yourself understand... [ENMITY: "Can you give me one piece of evidence where an American government program grew and it got more efficient and it did a better job at delivering value to the citizens? One."] How much of a healthcare is a pretty good one? [ENVY: "$80 billion a year in documented Medicare waste."] Wait, so you think $11 billion a year? [MUDITA: "Now being covered."] You think the fact that... By the way, here's the thing. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Pay in to Medicare and you get it later. Okay? So welfare, housing, urban development, education... [FEAR: "Who wants to cut Social Security, dude? We're having this conversation as though we don't live in the same reality. Who's always aching to cut Social Security? Who's always aching to give tax cuts to the wealthy and corporations? Who's always aching to grow government? Who's always aching to spend more money that you don't have? Who's always aching to reverse the Trump tax cuts?"] Look, listen. So like, look, here, here... No, no, no, no, hold on. Let me finish my point. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "There's a big philosophical difference. Is that we both don't trust government. Only one of us want to make that government smaller and more accountable to the citizens."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "No, dude. That's not true. That's me. He wants to give more money and more power to the very government that we both don't trust. I'm the one who wants to make the government accountable."] [ENVY: "You're the one who benefits from the government being corrupt because then you can turn around and say, no, we don't need this government. We need it to be smaller so that your wealthy benefactors can virtually, virtually enact feudalist policies upon the same people who are cheering right now for free market enterprise as though that is going to save them."] [FEAR: "It is insane to me that people still think that this current broken system that we live under, okay, where wages have remained stagnant for the past 50, 60 years, while productivity has increased, which is by the way, that's wage exploitation just for those of you who don't understand that concept."] That everything is totally fine. And then you turn around and you say the stock market's great. Okay, the stock market is great. All right, you want some more numbers to sign? Let's talk about some more numbers. Who owns the stock market? We all interrupt him. I'll interrupt him. No. Let's do some more. Oh, yeah, because I'm making a good point. You have to interrupt. Look, listen. You interrupt him. The stock market. The stock market. The stock market. [ENVY: "Look, Republicans love to talk about the stock market. You mentioned it in your introduction. You said it's doing well. Consumer confidence is up. Okay, dude. Well, the 84% of the stock market is owned by the top 10% of wealth. Like when the stock market is doing well, it's not doing well for you. It's just doing well for those guys."] [FEAR: "But you can be certain that when the stock market is not doing well, it won't be good for you."] Absolutely not. No, sir. [ENVY: "Because everything is taken away from the workers."] We talk about, we talk about, like people always come up to me and tell me, people always come up to me and tell me, [ENVY: "hey, Hasan. Why do you want to take away my earnings? And I told them, I'm not trying to take away your earnings. I'm trying to make sure your bosses give back what is rightfully yours. These are your earnings. You worked for them."] Okay. [FEAR: "And it is very obvious that corporations are not magnanimously going to anytime soon give you back those wages."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "So we have to implement regulation. We have to implement certain policies. This could be UBI. I don't really like it that much, but this could potentially be taxes on the wealthy and corporations. Like, there are many different ways to do it. Or this could be regulating the wages in some way. Or allowing unions to exist in countries."] I can't believe you're booing this, man. [INDIVIDUAL_DIGNITY: "Your father has been, look, your parents have benefited from this. Your parents have benefited from this."] Okay. All right. All right. Charlie's going to come now. Okay. So first of all, if you want some more numbers, [MUDITA: "Hispanic median income is at $50,000 right now a year, which is the highest it's ever been in American history under President Donald Trump. This has gone up 3.8% in the last 18 months. Hispanic unemployment is the lowest it's ever been. Black unemployment is 3 months. And the last what month? A son for the love of God allowed me to finish. Okay. No, actually I let him finish. That's a ridiculous point. That's a ridiculous reference point, Charlie. That's a point."] Okay. What? [MUDITA: "The lowest ever black unemployment rate. I gave you 60 years. I gave you a 60-year window."] And you said the last three months have been 3% butter. Crazy. [MUDITA: "3.8% wage growth. $50,000 annual median income for Hispanic family, which is the highest it's ever been in American history."] [MUDITA: "3.9 million people have gone off food stamps under this administration 18 months, which is something that everybody should applaud."] I love your work, buddy. We have more job openings than we have people to fill those jobs right now. 3.7% unemployment rate. Yes, which is why [COHESIVE_GOALS: "we should open our borders. Thank you. A son."] Large average tax cut for Americans was in it $2,800 a year. Obviously there's more jobs available than people taking them. So we should bring in more interests, right? Here's the big philosophical difference in problem. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Problem is that Hassan says, well, I don't want to take your worker earnings away. I want to go after your employer essentially to make sure."] I don't have the right to tell anybody what to do with any of their money. That's the big difference, Hassan, is that you're trying to... [ENVY: "It's their money, Charlie. It's the workers' money. They are just taking away and accumulating the profits for themselves."] I'm not, by the way, I'm not even saying a bullish all profit. [ENMITY: "This is a distinctly Marxist argument, by the way."] [ENMITY: "Just because it's Marxist doesn't mean it's a bad idea. Stop being an idiot, dude. God damn it. Like..."] [ENMITY: "So I'm so glad you mentioned that. So... It's so silly. Like, as if we implement socialized medicine or eat rats like Venezuela."] [ENMITY: "I didn't say it was bad. I said it was Marxist and now I'm going to tell you why it's bad."] Oh, okay. [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "The problem with the Marxist argument is the incentive structure."] [HOPE: "In a free market system, everybody is incentive to create value, get a job, or take a risk and employ people."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "Under a Marxist-socialist system, you're incentivized to either run for political office, get as much power as you possibly can to try to extract money away from people that don't have it."] Here's the thing. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "What about cooperatives? Like, I don't understand. There's multiple different ways to do this."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Do that voluntarily. Go do what the Amish do. Go live in Northern New York. In America, we have people that live in cooperatives today. Don't tell me how to live my life. You can live your life however you want to."] The big difference in distinction is that [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "it's impossible to live as a capitalist in a socialist country."] [MUDITA: "You can live as a socialist in a capitalist country."] [FEAR: "It's impossible to have capitalism without socialism. You could never implement capitalism without public roads, without the infrastructure necessary to bring private industry."] What the hell are you talking about? You can live in a socialist country. It won't be great if it's a fully socialist country. I don't think we've been able to figure that out yet. So I'm not even saying that a fully socialist country will be great. But you have never, ever lived in a fully capitalist country. You pay tolls. That's it? That's a user fee. That's not socialism. That's if you use the highway, you pay for the highway. You pay a gas tax. You pay a gas tax. So if you drive a car, you pay into the highway fund. That's how it works assigned. [ENMITY: "Socialism is what you want it to be. I'm going to put it on your head. I'm going to put it on your head."] You're right. Never mind. An unpaid program that will not benefit you to send the money to someone else that is in a different socioeconomic circumstance. [MUDITA: "Free market capitalism is the greatest wealth creating engine in human history. It's left the more people out of poverty."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "And you are a beneficiary of the very system that you are bashing right now."] [ENMITY: "Because it's not free market capitalism. It's so stupid."] [FEAR: "The last time we had free market capitalism or something close to it was leading up to the Great Depression."] There's no such thing as like we have a fully free market. Where is the fully free market? [FEAR: "If you like a decentralized government, why don't you go live in Somalia. There's decentralized government there."] All you want. So we are more capitalist than we are socialist right now. And everywhere the free market. Also you admit that capitalism and socialism coexist. So we have some. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "Thank you for proving my earlier point. Yes."] We have some horror. So yes. [FEAR: "We have broken public schools which you would attribute to socialist policies."] No. I said that we need to spend more on them. [FEAR: "Government is far too big, far too powerful, far too controlling over our lives."] [ENMITY: "Dude stop. We have a 4.4 trillion dollar budget every single year. It's an idea. It's an ideology. We have 3 million people that work for the federal government. All of these are pseudo socialist ideas of which I categorically disagree with."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "So you want to privatize the school system entirely. Okay. Localize the school system. Answer my question. Eliminate the department of education. Don't run away. Don't run away. Allow away vouchers. One at a time."] By the way, [ENVY: "what does Foster Freeze think about all that? I would like to know his perspective because obviously his perspective is more important."] So if you're just you want to privatize. [ENVY: "He's trying to attack my investors and donors of which I'm happy to talk about."] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "We have 35,000 donors spanned in all 50 states. We now have a 15 million dollar budget and we are supported by some of the most successful people in the American business community."] [ENVY: "He means wealthy millionaires who have stolen your money but created wealth for everyone."] Oh really? So when we get investments from people that for example helped create the modern internet as we know it or people that help. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "How was the modern internet created? Oh wait, that was also socialism. That was actually military finance."] Let me ask a question. So there you go. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "And another example of how publicly funded research is good and we all benefit from it."] [FEAR: "The most successful Silicon Valley companies right now are all socialist. Is that what you're saying?"] Google. Absolutely not. Okay. So did the most successful Silicon Valley companies invent the internet? [ENMITY: "Come on. That's not what I said at all. That's not what I said at all."] No, I was talking about the internet. How about internet providers? You just said internet providers. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "No, I said ISPs need socialism so that there is an infrastructure set in place so that they can come and build their-"] Of which they pay for every single year. Okay, exactly. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "That's socialism. Yes, but in order for them to operate they have to pay into it."] [ENMITY: "This is so silly. We're talking about two different definitions."] [ENMITY: "No we're not. There's one real definition that I'm trying to describe to you and then there's another one where you're just like making up and picking and choosing whatever is capitalist because it benefits your talking point and then claiming that-"] [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "Western civilization was created by free market capitalism."] [ENMITY: "I'm trying to explain this concept to you but you refuse to understand but I don't think it's because you can't understand it. I think it's because you refuse to understand because it doesn't fit your narrative."] You admit- [HOPE: "My narrative's about freedom. My narrative's that America's the greatest country ever to exist and I want to expand freedom opportunity for all people."] My narrative is that- [FEAR: "There is no freedom in a country. The narrative I care is that we have global poverty at an all time low. There is no freedom in a country that has privatized tyranny, Charlie. There is no freedom in a country that has privatized tyranny where your bosses can do whatever they want and never even give you a reason for what."] I'm not arguing for anything in the same galaxy as what you're describing first and foremost. [HOPE: "You just said I'm arguing for freedom. I'm telling you that progress is important. Progress towards liberty needs to happen."] Let's walk through. [COHESIVE_GOALS: "In a capitalist system that means you have private property rights which mean if somebody is exploiting you you go to a judge and you adjudicate that difference. That is inherent in a free market system."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "You're arguing some sort- Is that the only thing that happened? What happens when a free market fails? What happens when there are natural barriers of entry and the government obviously has to step in and subsidize?"] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "What happened? We have socialism in a country- Affirmative action policies. You can support affirmative action. But we only have socialism for the wealthy and we have some socialism for the very poor. What we need to do is bring that back and have socialism for everyone. For example Medicare for all would be a good place to start."] Okay. So you- [FEAR: "There is no answer you can give me to. What will happen when automation wipes out the labor force with artificial intelligence?"] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "Socialism whether you like it or not, some variation of that already exists in our country but some variation of that-"] [FEAR: "The most inefficient, the most bankrupt aspects are-"] Will inevitably happen. So it's really silly you can yell about the free market and how great it is and also [ENMITY: "the free market is great because my dad is wealthy is not an argument that you can make anymore."] [FEAR: "There are people that are suffering in this country."] [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "So Hassan why don't you give 95% of your money away and go live on a commune?"] [ENMITY: "Do you really think that that's how it works? Do you really think that that's how it works? Why not? Go live what you preach."] Look, look. Because I every single- [ENMITY: "This is absolutely- You talk uninterrupted for five minutes. Hassan, let me think. Okay, go ahead. Sorry, you're right. You're right. You're right."] [MUDITA: "I live what I practice. I'm a free market capitalist. I employ people. I took a risk. I have my own startup business. Every single day I practice what I preach."] [ENVY: "He wants other people to contribute to what he considers to be a good idea."] What he considers will make the world a better place. [ENMITY: "Okay. I'm going to give him the gold live as a socialist. Go do it Hassan. What's stopping you?"] Okay. So here's why this is ridiculous. And the last point I will make is this. Here's why that conversation is absolutely preposterous. [INDIVIDUAL_DIGNITY: "If I gave away the measly earnings that I had and gave away 95% of that- How much do you make Hassan? That wouldn't necessarily even push the needle."] I will be very honest. It's really embarrassing, especially because my boss is sitting right there. I make $60,000 a year. And that's a really good salary. But it's not like what Ted Cruz's wife was talking about the other day. When she said $174,000 salary a year, it's not like we're going to buy a second home anytime soon. But that's besides the point. Okay. [ENMITY: "You're trying to attack me, which is ridiculous, like asking me what my salary is. Sure. I'll reveal it willingly."] You brought it up in context. [ENMITY: "Why don't you live like a socialist?"] Okay. The point is larger. The point is larger than that, Charlie. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "I live like a capitalist every single day, Chank. I live as a capitalist. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! I live like a capitalist every single year."] Hold on. Hold on. What's my salary? Let's do this. Charlie. [ENMITY: "Come on, Chank. Let's go."] Charlie, take a seat. Take a seat. All right. I know. Take a seat. You're going to take a seat. You're going to take a seat over here. Oh, my gosh. What's my salary? All right. [ENMITY: "Ridiculous. All right. Behave, everyone. Jesus Christ. Okay."] [MUDITA: "I practice what I preach, Chank. Hey! Charlie, Charlie. Stop! Stop! You don't have to practice what you preach. What's your point? You don't want to give them the attention here. Everyone, everyone, quiet down. 35,000 donors across the country."] Last point. Last point. [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "We are funded by the grassroots of this country. You could try to demagogue it all you want."] Okay. Can I finish my point? All right. Less than Hassan. You can check it yourself. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Let me finish my point. Let me finish my point. All right. Right? [AMITY: "We're having a reasonable discussion, right? We're here. We're talking to one another."] So here's what I was trying to say. Okay? [FRAGMENTATIVE_GOALS: "We like to make ourselves feel comfortable by implementing certain environmental policies. For example, the straw ban in California, which is largely ridiculous because it lowers 0.006% of the plastic in the ocean."] [ENVY: "This is just simply to make ourselves feel comfortable when 100 companies are responsible for 70% of the carbon emissions."] [FEAR: "It's ridiculous to think that we are going to have any sort of positive change if I go out and I live in an upstate New York like collective."] [COHESIVE_GOALS: "Obviously, I'm fighting so that everyone can at least see that I'm coming at this, not from a partisan place, not from a partisan place at all, or from a place where I'm looking at our problems in this country and trying to find solutions that will help every single American."] Okay. Perfect. So we have to wrap it up now, but I want to say a couple of things. First of all, [AMITY: "I'm really grateful to both of you. What we're seeing right here is, except for that last part, is American democracy at work."] [AMITY: "This is about a competition of ideas."] And since the founding of this country, this is really what it was all about. What's the role of government and what's the role of free enterprise? And so I just want to thank both of you for having a constructive and lively debate. Give both of them a big round of applause. [AMITY: "God bless America."] Thank you. And [TRIBAL_DOMINANCE: "God bless Donald Trump."]