# ðŸ‡ºðŸ‡¸ Donald Trump | Presidential Election Rally in Butler, Pennsylvania (July 13, 2024) [LIVE]
# Channel: MAGNO NEWS
# Upload Date: 2024-07-13
# Video URL: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0XVJW5oC7FU
# Language: en (auto-generated)
# Extraction Method: youtube_api
# Confidence: 80.0%
# Extracted: 2025-08-22 09:48:53

================================================================================

this is a big crowd this is a big big
beautiful
crowd I wish the fake news back there
would show it I wish they spin their
cameras and show it cuz nobody would
believe it
you know the other day Biden was saying
I got big crowds meaning him he gets big
crowds he doesn't know what a big and
there were like 93 people there 93 you
know what that is that's where the front
row Joe's sit right here 93 we got more
than 93 front row
Joe's hello Butler and hello to
Pennsylvania I'm thrilled to be
back in this beautiful Commonwealth with
thousands of proud hardworking American
Patriots and that's what are and we got
to bring our country back to health
because our country is going to hell if
you haven't
noticed millions and millions of people
are pouring in from prisons and from
mental institutions we're going to stop
it we're going to get it stopped we're
going to bring him back as he said we're
going to bring him
back we're going to deport
Deport with the help of everyone here
tonight we're going to win Pennsylvania
this November we're going to defeat
crooked Joe Biden and laughing Camala
Harris and we're going to take back the
White House and we're going to take back
our country we're going to take it
back our country's been our country's
been stolen from us you see that it's
the greatest one of the greatest crimes
is what they've done over four years and
hiding what the obvious facts are isn't
it huh isn't it a
shame you run for you run for the
president of the United States from a
basement from a
basement all very dishonest stuff but
you know we're going to have the
greatest election I tell you what we did
fantastically in 2016 we did much better
in 2020 you know we did much better and
it was rigged it was a rigged deal but
we did much better but it's nothing
compared to the enthusiasm all over not
just in Pennsylvania all over is's
nothing compared to the enthusiasm that
we've seen over the last year because I
mean a year think of it year and a half
ago it started it really started from
immediately after the election you want
to know the truth but year and a half
ago we were seeing crowds of people
desperate to have rallies desperate to
have anything to take back our country
and we're going to take it back next
week the Republican party will hold its
convention in Milwaukee Wisconsin and 5
days from now we will officially accept
the Republican nomin ation for president
of the United
States
right and we're going to get a good
Senator I'll tell you you have a real
stiff right now in office he's a stiff
you know your current Senator I never
met him I don't think I've ever met him
I was only there four years but I don't
think I ever met him I'll tell you
that's your Senator he votes with Biden
or whoever happens to be furthest left
we got to get him elected McCormick we
got to get McCormick press
McCormack he's a good man too he's a
he's a valiant fighter he's a great
great gentleman so we're going to bring
him up for can we bring him up for a
couple of minutes later a little bit
later all right you get ready M kick you
get ready I'll get you up here the world
will see a vibrant Republican party that
is bigger stronger more confident and
more united than ever before and that's
what we are we're the most United party
now I you know it's I'm watching the
fake news go crazy because they're
saying the Republican party has not been
United since Ronald Reagan like it is
right now it was United under Ronald
Reagan the second time it was very
United and they said there's never been
anything like it they've never seen a
movement like this make America great
again you know Joe Biden talks about we
have to stop maga maga means make
America great again Joe it means make
America great
that's all we want to do if he was doing
the job I wouldn't even be doing this
I'd be at some beautiful place with a
gorgeous ocean the
Mediterranean the Atlantic maybe the
Pacific thank
you
TR TR TR
TR and said I'm here with you fighting
like hell to get a senator elected and
to make sure we take back the White
House because if we do we're going to
make America better than ever before
we're going to make it and it's not easy
because we have millions and millions of
people in our country that shouldn't be
here dangerous people criminals we have
criminals we have drug dealers we have
people that should not be here and it's
much tougher than if it happened the you
know we had the strongest border ever in
recorded history we had the best Border
in fact if they could ever put up a
chart I don't know if they can do it do
you guys have access to that chart that
I love so much you don't mind if I go
off telepromter do you cuz these
teleprompter are so damn boring I try
and explain that oh there a wow you guys
are doing it they're getting better with
time my guys take a look at that chart
take a look at the arrow in the bottom
see the Big R red arrow right so that's
when I left office that was the lowest
point and that comes right from the
government service is comes right out of
border patrol take a look at that so
that arrow is the lowest amount of
illegal immigration ever in recorded
history into our
country and
then and then the worst president in the
history of our country took over and
look what happened to our country
probably 20 million
people and you know that's a little bit
old that chart that chart's a couple of
month old and if you want to really see
something that said take a look at what
happened
to theare move theare hold hold when
you're ready on you ready move
move guys
here get ready get ready you
ready we good Shooters down are we good
to
move we're clear
come let me get my shes let me get my
shoes got you sir I got you let me get
my shoes hold that in your head bloody
so we got to move to the to the let me
get
my watch out
us
look what happened to our country
probably 20 million
people and you know that's a little bit
old that chart that chart's a couple of
months old and if you want to really see
something that said take a look at what
happened over
down get down get down
down
doing to theare move theare hold hold
when you're ready on you ready move up
move
go
here get ready get ready you
readys down are we good to move we clear
we're clear we're
clear come let me get my let me get my
shoes got you sir I got you let me get
my shoes hold that in your head bloody
so we got to move to
the watch out
us
look what happened to our country
probably 20 million
people and you know that's a little bit
old that chart that chart's a couple of
months old and if you want to really see
something that said take a look at what
happened
over doing we doing
moare hold hold when you're ready on you
ready move
move guys here here
move get ready get ready you ready
we good Shooters down are we good to
move clear clear we're
clear let me get my let me get my shes
got you sir I got you let me get my
shoes hold that in your head it's bloody
so we got to move to the to the let me
get my okay
watch out
look what happened to our country
probably 20 million people
people and you know that's a little bit
old that chart that chart's a couple of
months old and if you want to really see
something that said take a look at what
happened
to moare hold hold when you're ready on
you ready move
up guys
here get ready ready you
ready we good down Shooters down are we
good to move good to move we clear move
let's move we're
clear let me get my shes let me get my
shoes got you sir I got you let me get
my shoes sir hold that in your head is
bloody sir we're got to go
move watch out
us